prison. a was home Her
eye. my of apple the is She
gold. of heart a has He
darkness. of sea a in light A
ears. her to music is noise The
diamonds. of sea a in swam He
up. stand to legs needs it chair, a is Authority
up. socks your pull better You
love. of sea the in drowning is She
protagonist. the of snapshot slice-of-life a is book the in narrated episode Each
day. cloudy a on shadow fleeting a dream, a is Life
you. bite and back come to tends Life
compass. my West, my and East my is He
executioner. an sun the furnace, a were streets The
handkerchief. snotty a is sky the tenements, side east lower the Between
wind. but are words and sir, you, with word a break may man A
hill. lonely a on hunts that hunter lonely a is heart my But
another. from caresses to hand one from punishment even prefers that spaniel a and food into poison transmute can that alchemist an is Love
god. blood-swollen the animal red the war, at look to going were They absorbed. and quiet appeared men untested the of part greater The
them against of use make and up take enemies their that bullets, are words Men's
needles. knitting long in down came rain The
going. are they where and from, come people its where you tells It culture. a of map road a is Language
way. nearest the catch To kindness human of milk the o' full too is It nature; thy fear I do Yet promised. art thou What be shalt and Cawdor; and art, thou Glamis
food. away throws and rags colored hoards that woman crazy a is Memory
existence. of card wild the is Love
alterations. in specializing dressmaker a is Time
incident. that about cloudy little a is memory My
streets. the covered snow of blanket A
up. him cheered personality bubbly Her
presence. your with life my up light You
life. up make gray of shades only her, to According
either. bad half not was remark colorful A
everyone. to revealed was secret dark deep His
democracy. of example shining a is America of States United The
you. depress not should failure of stench The
it. heard she when news the digest not could She
shore. the to leaves dying and foam bringing beneath, water the with brilliantly clashed waves Their down. went sun the when ceasing only thereafter, remained gales The limbs. trees the against thrashing waves, ocean were winds The
digest. to began chair, his in perching then, and shreds, to answers the ripped pages, their into talons his sank exams, the upon descended teacher The
horn. the by bull the grabbed and plate the to up stepped Clinton
...Checkmate. cards of house a like fall will dominoes the of rest the then bull's-eye that hit can we If
cannon. loose a is blanket wet That
conscience. audience's the massaged that spark a struck movie The
bud. the in him nip I'll but sky; the darkening and air the in forming him see I rat; a smell I Speaker, Mr
vanquished and dazzled is mind the of eye The
blanket. white a is snow The
star. shining a is He
river. golden flowing a was hair long Her
her. at stared he as ice were eyes Tom's
gardens. concrete in grown flowers were children The
affection. of flowers the are Kisses
dancers. are snowflakes falling The
mirror. a was lake calm The
balloon. white a is moon The
cheeks. her down flowing river a were tears Her
desert. the across stretching ribbon a was ahead road The
tsunami. a were charity the to Donations
rain. the after lake a was park The
ball. golden a is sun The
cotton. of balls are clouds The
sky. the in fireworks was lightning The
carpet. green a is lawn That
diamonds. sparkling are stars The
explode. to ready volcano, a was temper Ben's
pod. a in peas two are friends best Those
problem. the for Band-Aid a just was suggestion John's
shackle. plaster a was leg broken his on cast The
soul. the of music the is Laughter
pot. melting a is America
ears. his to music was voice lovely Her
stage. a is world The
area. disaster a is room kid's My
prison. a was home Their
iron. cold a is heart His
lot. parking a always is interstate the o'clock, five At
imagination. your to keys the are Books
him. to bullets were words angry Her
computer. a is brain Your
sun. the in furnace a was car The
angel. an are you much, so you Thank
ogre. an is coach baseball My
dictionary. walking a is He
potato. couch a is brother big My
pit. bottomless a was stomach teenager's The
car. race a is pulse My excited. so am I
direction. unexpected an took life His
this. for responsibility the bear to have I
mind. my on weighing was responsibility The
you. to burden a be to want don’t I
boyfriend. her with up split has She
relationship. stormy very a was It
hard. him hit has news The
them. on impact huge a had It
temper. fiery a has He
warmly. received was book The
fear. of chill a felt I
indifference. cool with us treated She
bright. very looks future The
spirits. her lifted news The
thoughts. dark these having in point no There’s
hatred. with up eaten were They
relationship. their poisoned had Mistrust
mind. my of back the at remained doubts few A
lying. was he that mind her crossed thought The
head. your into ideas any put to want don’t I
mind. her in idea the planted already had I
theory. constructed carefully a was It
him. about anything up dig you if know me Let
mean. you what see I
improve. to needed they that fact the recognized They
views. different of range a get to want We
plans. his about dark the in us kept He
winners. real no are there where situation a in are We
position. difficult very a in themselves found They
place. hard a and rock a between caught been I’ve
beginners. for minefield potential a is This
mean? you do What me. lost You’ve
tree. wrong the up barking you’re think really I
ride. a for taken been I’d out found I
January. in day rainy a on met They
night. the through all awake lay He
fast. so gone week’s This
abroad. live and go might I future, distant the in day, One
again. meet could we until by crawled weeks The
by slipping time the notice didn’t She
sadness of sea a in laugh A
crow a of voice a has He
wolf a of voice a has He
lion a of heart the has He
sky my of sun the is He
diamonds of sea the in swam He
rubber were legs his but help to tried He
white bone was hair Her
hopeful the for lighthouse a is attitude positive Her
waist his around curling snake a was belt His
aims his were so and solid rock were plans His
day cloudy a on shadow fleeting a dream, mere a is Life
eats she when dog a is She
hunting treasure is seeking Spiritual
unexpected storm, a are Thoughts
him for food is Truth
life my in light the are You
hatred with up eaten were They
relationship their poisoned had Mistrust
place hard a and rock a between caught been I've
again meet could we until by crawled weeks The
her inside up bottled Anger
candy cotton were words His
battlefield the on lion a was He
dinosaurs old are school at computers The
stage the across gliding swan, a was ballerina The
diamonds sparkling are stars The
potato couch a is brother big My
years autumn their entered had They
cheeks her down flowing river a were tears Her
soul. the of mirrors the are Books
flavor. its success gives that condiment the is Failure
breathe. to dying he's and oxygen I'm
ellipses. in drowning I'm but marks, exclamation for long I punctuation. my change to want I
world. the to letter love a sending is who God, writing a of hand the in pencil little a I'm
soul. the to windows are eyes that say People
lovely. the and wise the go, they darkness the Into
pieces. in you leave and open you tear Others you. spook only and by whiz Some bullets. are Memories
me. inside left been had that emptiness human-shaped the of edge the along fingertips my ran just time, a for nothing said I
come. weasels ice the night, At underneath. you pinning over, flips it suddenly then and tundra the across racing snowmobile a is Love
wrong. by wrong success of ladder the climbed who girl of kind the She's
hardest. the hammered gets farthest out sticks that nail The
Temple. a is Classical Road, the is Rock Wilderness, the is Folk City, the is Jazz then -- Place a is Music If
act. third written badly a with play good moderately a is Life
bull. the is love shop; china the is Happiness
glue is God of grace The mending. by lives He broken. born is Man
mercy. no and rules of lots gods; Testament Old like are Computers
up. shut won't who librarian drunk a is Internet the babysitter, a television's If
great. is view the But climb. a Life's
along. go you as instrument the learn must you which in violin, the on performance public a 'is mine, of friend a wrote Life'
hard. you kills and fast you hooks It emotions. of meth crystal the is Hope
shelves. the stock you and cupboard a is mind Your
ignorance. of daughter the is Admiration
delight. in laugh me made words The me. for truffle a trick, magic a sparrow, singing a was word Every
double-wide. a be would guy this trailerpark, a was funkytown If
objects of world the of metaphor a is mind The
painting. oil an is York New watercolor, a is London If
metaphor a but is transitory is that All
planet irregular an am I star. fixed a into me make to trying are They
sheets. the hogging was it and bedmate my was Boredom
mind. the of lamp the out blows which wind the is Anger
die. to begins immediately it picked is flower a Once
feet. kitten little on me over stole Alarm
plum. rotten a like him dropped sky the and instead, sky the with danced He
civilization. of engine the in fuel the is Suffering
leave. to allowed are you Eventually furniture. heavy of room a is world The
astronaut. an is Bowie David believe you killer, cop a I'm that believe you If
soul. the of toothache the is Guilt
dark. the in wander I But daylight. need I
book. a read winter, Defeat
fire. in lives He time. the all terribly suffers He
create. didn't you art of work a label Don't titles. give Writers
shadow. in growing flower a of think me made now voice her in hope The
to. itself compare to something without metaphor a like is confidence without writer A
jewels. of tray a were Tulips
eyes. my through hurricane I then and swirly and gray and big get head my inside clouds the Sometimes
mold. a into shoved being cheese of piece a was I
past the of abyss black the to moment a eyes her lowered She
oyster. every in pearl the is myth every in truth The
through. slipped light the where crack a Just all. at nothing are You
poetry. is Life life. not is Poetry
eyes. my over wool the pull to tried Mary
gifts. with me showered boyfriend My
rats. rug are children These
school. at trouble that all caused I since ever mud is name My
year. this leaf new a over turn to decided has Andrew
more. nothing and ideas half-baked has She
eye. her of apple the He's
drink. my spilt just he thumbs; all is Peter
invention. of mother the is Necessity
lane. fast the in life his lived He
stone. of heart a has He
school. our of star shining the is He
lion. a of heart the has She
streets. the covered snow of blanket A
ears. my to music was voice Her
clown. a is friend My
life. my up light You
sty. pig a is bedroom My
shady. is does he Everything
review. glowing a received She
her. to prison a is home Her
pot. melting a is America
knives. white are teeth Alligator
coaster. roller a is Life
dictionary. walking a is She
it. saw he when fear with froze He
hog. a such is Jimmy
success. of pillar a is He
toast. you're you, catch I If
disaster. for recipe a is That
potato. couch a is He
link. weak the are You
feet. cold having is She
effect. domino a be would it happens that If
work. at drowning is He
room. the in elephant The
apple. bad a is He
reaction. chain a cause will That
policy. best the is Honesty
bloomer. late a of bit a He's
dry. and high me left You
bird. early an is She
breeze. a is assignment This
eye. my of apple the are You
half. better my is She
inside. up bottled is anger His
horse. dead a beating are We
owl. night a is He
sadness. of sea a in laugh A
darkness. of sea a in light A
horse. my be shall riverboat A
up. stand to legs needs it chair, a is Authority
knowledge. of fruit the for taste a had always Cameron
daggers. white are teeth Crocodiles’
lion. a of heart the has He
iron. cold was heart Janet’s but forgiveness her for pleaded He
debate. into her bait to trying was He
ends. both from oil midnight the burning He’s
water. of out duck a like He’s
shoulders. her down streaming river golden flowing a was hair Her
prison. a was home Her
seed. fragile a was hope Her
taste. her to appeal not did words candy cotton His
ideas. with spinning was head His
book. my of back the like him read can I
closet. my in sheep black of lot a have I
together. concepts the of all weave to try I
faces. nameless of sea a in lost was I
soul. the is charity and society of blood life the is money capitalism, In
away. crawling start days our as age modern this in faster travels Information
dogs. and cats raining is It
dogs. and cats raining is It
side. other the on us for waiting was night darker even an that seemed It
hayride. a in needle a for looking like It’s
eye. the in him look and tail the by bull the grab to time It’s
on. now from skies clear be to going It’s
children. of army an with store grocery the at arrived Kathy
bloom. in love of flowers the are Kisses
sky. of cup blue deep the from drink a Laugh
soul. the of music the is Laughter
day. cloudy a on shadow fleeting a dream, mere a is Life
memories. of full camara, a is Love
Spring. of warmth the to opening flower fragile a is Love
garland. growing a is Love
zoo! a is classroom My
incident. that about cloudy little a is memory My
information. the digest to moment a take Please
adulthood to gateway a is School
words. her with down him cut She
compass. my West, my and East my is She
knowing. even without mouth her from slip wisdom of pearls beautiful such let She
Wind the like ran She
possess. to object another Ricardo, to trophy a just was She
clothing. her are dignity and Strength
breeze. a was assignment The
emotion. for container a is body The
forlorn. and beautiful gardens, concrete in grown roses were children The
victim. another in reel to managed artist con The
street. the off from customers new several in lure to managed crier The
face. wooden a with tales her to listened detective The
crashed. company the after safely land to parachutes golden had executives The
bear. dancing a was John and circus a was fair job The
heaven. from dropped ladder rope a was interview job The
ears. her to music is noise The
ears. my to music is noise The
forgiveness. to road the than travel to easier is resentment of path The
search. intense an after robber bank a netted finally police The
flower. delicate a was us between promise The
moor. purple the over moonlight of ribbon a was road The
darken. to began future his of skies The
wisdom. of seeds the planted teacher The
park. the in walk a was test The
slowly. turn justice of wheels The
trees. gusty the among darkness of torrent a was wind The
neck. the in pain real a are hemorrhoids These
soul. the to roadmap the are scars that say They
blossoming. really are kids Those
unexpected. storm, a are Thoughts
inbox. his inundated emails spam of Waves
time. of wall the on shadows all are We
wound. we which with weapons the are Words
life. my in light the are You
sky. my in sun the are You
presence. your with life my up light You
on. chew to something me given You’ve
show. fashion a was life that certain fairly was She
area. disaster a is room boy’s teenage typical The
sleep. my of ocean the shook then storms What
forlorn. and beautiful gardens, concrete in grown roses were children The
bloom. in love of flowers the are Kisses
taste. her to appeal not did words candy cotton His
children. of army an with store grocery the at arrived Kathy
desert. the in away wasted just he but love of ocean the on sail set to wanted He
faces. nameless of sea a in lost was I
solution. a not Band-Aid, a just was problem the to answer John’s
shackle. plaster a was leg broken Michael’s on cast The
knowledge. of fruit the for taste a had always Cameron
flower. delicate a was us between promise The
bone. the in bred it’s and stone, rolling a He’s
iron. cold was heart Janet’s but forgiveness her for pleaded He
possess. to object another Ricardo, to trophy a just was She
forgiveness. to road the than travel to easier is resentment of path The
table. crooked a on cards of house a was college into get to plan Katie’s
slowly. turn justice of wheels The
gloom. the in pebble shines–a Hope
words. her with down him cut She
heaven. from dropped ladder rope a was interview job The
shoulders. her down streaming river golden flowing a was hair Her
dinosaur. old an was classroom the in computer The
soul. the of music the is Laughter
Shelia. to did he what for worm a is David
wisdom. of seeds the planted teacher The
day gray a is life my Phyllis, ah, Phyllis,
feet. bare our at firmly pointed bayonet tiny a was grass of blade Each
t-shirt. black his through pierced heat of daggers The
sky. milkshake that up drink eyes your Let
ceased. and rolled have time of drums The
seed. fragile a was hope Her
seats. their in glued were boys the TV, on came Squad Robot Ninja When
wound. we which with weapons the are Words
knowing. even without mouth her from slip wisdom of pearls beautiful such let She
soul. the to roadmap the are Scars
field. the in bombs and rockets but nothing throwing was quarterback The
time. of wall the on shadows all are We
tears. of sea a with swelled heart My
apart. power of wand her breaks she realm, litte her leaves teacher the When
grows. it where out raveled all rope of piece a is tail Cow’s Moo The
bee. a are you which to flowers are dreams My
sky. the across sailed clouds The
it. upon gaze who all to belonging stone precious a is fire the of flame Each
life. our of forest wintry the into fear and hope with forth went I therefore And
lead. of chains are words My
same? the thinking been have she could wonder I flame; a came there face her into But
rose. and amber violet, sky, midnight the of bowl the into flows light The
taste. to life in left still sweets are there when death not court Men
soul. the is charity but society of blood life the is money capitalism, In
shell, a for highway the as but heaven And flare, a of trembling the but is world Whose
weeds! of not and chivalry of flowers Of deeds, heroic of fragrance the is Fame
thought. subtle and rare of threads fine the form, decaying this round still, spinning sit I So
chain of ring and rope of swish And
main. the sail who men to music Are
sunning. beggar ragged a road, the by school-house the sits Still
sky. empty an to prayer lone our was child The
dance. must all we and fiddler, a is Life circumstance, of slaves and fate of fools Blind
abuse. salt of foam powdery a into reviews meek our of spirit gentle the Grind
sky. of cup blue deep the from drink a Laugh
corridors. contrived and passages cunning many has history now: Think
loud, and deaf is once at flow and ebb whose sea great that London, in now are You
it. in lost is knife the that wound a such makes wit fine His
inbox. his inundated emails spam of Waves
memory. withered of wreaths votive these thee to suspend I temple heart’s my In
day. the of buzzers idle the catch to wrought colours garish in words of net a cast He
aspirations. and dreams my of cancer the is job This
bosom. thy wound to left thorn no with and fragrant, soft, rose, thy be shall song This
melody. venomed was voice whose one There,
sorrows. past of dregs the amid last to seems sweetness A
life, call we which room dimmer this in So
day. at waking the is Death teeming, dream-visions its with night the is Life
tension their relax lips the Then
slide, to begins pipe the and
ashes, of clouds little in Till
side. his at softly falls it
praise. of word thy wine golden wine, was me to smile thy when days: olden The
sound. into melted silver are tones Thy
wanderers; for bed best The strong, and Ancient earth brown the us Under
right; his asserts come, having But, unbidden, comes, that guest a is Love
years. with weather-stained is Life of House My
black; gone sky a in orange shrivelled a off, far sun, the See
any. by unseen race a in runners darkly, strained pines Three
me. from away hides it Forgetfulness, herb, rare the But
woman sunburned copper the of neck the at scarf a is yellow cornflower of field The
door. closed a and window lighted a Life:
mind. my of woods grey the in branches dripping from hanging cocoons just are thoughts my days Some
weather. sapphire shining the of glad street the in pass women and Men
accompaniment. an with song a is existing swan The
imagination. without silence, wide a is lake the night At
perfume. sweet and perfume soft and bloom of seas are cherry-trees The
blow. and drift that faces the on below, drift that faces the on light their dripping bough, long street’s the from hang light of apples gold great The
drops. evening of rose the vase blue its From
there, fancies strange find and delve I Sometimes thought silent and dark of mines the in When
willows. of veil a beneath set were twigs The
tale, fairy a was comfort that Thinking sail, of rags at ropes, at hacked and clutched He
bow. a but now nothing are you and failing is light your Moon, O
spears. of storm a in lost runner naked A fears, among fear a night, the in dream a is Life
ravaged. garden a is life of world This
life; our of forest wintry the Into fear and hope with forth, went I therefore And
tempest. the was she and sea lampless a was soul My
hell. from dog a is Love
enraptured. soars he free Only captured, and caged when moults wing Love's
desire. of river the in crocodile a is Love
bull. the is love shop; china the is Happiness
go. to place a and start to road,Somewhere open an and truck a is Love
demands dear his makes and comes he Uncalled importunate, most beggar, a is Love
disease. my it's now But cure my be would love thought I
kindle. to hard is out, goes once it if fire, Love's
ugly. being for excuse world's the is It everyone. disfigures It everyone. burns It fire. a is Love
honey. one by subdued bodies two lightnings, of clash a is love flour; of storms and air drowning with stars, and water with journey a is love Oh,
moments. and textures of array dizzying tastes—a many with spice a is Love
wind ruffling every with shakes and shrinks That kind, tender most the of plant a is Love
set. is limit no and it gather may Anyone hand. every of reach the within and times all at season in fruit, a is Love
grow to help needs garden—it a is love And know, you before away fades It go. it let you if garden a is love That see can I gone you're that Now
EPOXY AN LIKE IS LOVE
PUZZLE IMPOSSIBLE AN LIKE IS LOVE
METAL EARTH PRECIOUS A IS LOVE
TO ALLERGIC BE TO SOMETHING IS LOVE
close listen so you for beats It stereo a heart’s My
BOY LAY-Z A IS LOVE
— settler this with suddenly me on turned Bixby] [Mr. day One
Bend? Walnut of shape the is What
players; merely women and men the all and stage, a world’s the All
parts. many plays time his in man one And entrances; their and exits their have They
breaks? window yonder through light What soft! But
sun! the is Juliet and East, the is It
moon, envious the kill and sun, fair Arise,
grief. with pale and sick already is Who
feathers with thing the is Hope
soul, the in perches That
words, the without – tune the sings And
all, at stops never And
Wade Dwyane be I’d then James LeBron was you if But
grade same the from time same the at graduated both We
acts, celebrity with TV on class, the of head the at was He
grasp, could never you thing one was ring champion that But
exposure gain to fight to had lower rated slightly was I
slower me made might’ve that and
over taken have I now but
Heat, Miami’s in down I’m And
done, I’ve what do to you for And
team! MY join to have you’d
… wood yellow a in diverged roads Two
by, traveled less one the took I
difference. the all made has that And
you: tell I’ll son, Well,
… stair crystal no been ain’t me for Life
tent a even or house a
flavor. its enjoying starts one finally and taste, its to used get to bites few a takes one then skin; its breaks one First, grapefruit. a eating like is Life
resides. horror where and reach, cannot light where hole deep a is It nightmares. of place a blanket, black scary and unknown an is dark The
tea. iced chill can that cubes ice into turned have words their and icicles; with rich ventricles its frosty, blood icy, is heart Their
bird. a of wings thousand a like outspread pages its tabletop, a on lying book, a is Life
lily. fringed a am I silk, delicate a in Clad July, in bloom elegantly I
thought. the triggers and comforts It rhymes, and flows It mind, to melody is Poetry
falls. curtain the then and player, a is everyone where stage, a is world The
decisions. making and acting, thinking, allow that programs has It computer. a is brain human The
everyone. guiding and helping and time, the all shining star, bright a is He
things. many expressing and speaking, sparkling, fireflies, are eyes Maria’s
desires. their of bullets are who people, the at guns pointing are They
seagull. the than higher Soaring eagle, an are You
food. for scramble animals wild Where forest, a is café The
feelings. his/her show to free is painter a That animal, untamed an is Painting
angels. its birds Chirping And clouds its pillows fluffy With dreamland, a is room My
entrances. their and exits their have They players. merely women and men the all and stage, a world’s the All
life. everyday of dust the soul the from away washes Art
sheep. the for life my down lay I and … shepherd, good the am I
tree. same the of branches are sciences and arts religions, All
mine. of friend a is Chaos
mind. the of feast the from down fall that crumbs but are words our All
it. in oil putting keep to have we burning, lamp a keep To out. sent be to got has it heard, be to message love a want you If
space. of wall the over cap its tossed has America
running. meter the with taxi parked a is bed hospital A
Christmas. continual a is conscience good A
blossom. souls our make who gardeners charming the are they happy, us make who people to grateful be us Let
poem. great a be shall flesh very your And
bucket. swill a inside stick a of rattling the is Advertising
road. new a and night wild a is Dying
heart. your of breathings the with paper your Fill
compass. man’s a is Conscience
bird. early an is Bill
holes. bullet with tattered blanket thin a is Exhaustion
dark. the through leaping starfish a hands locked their car, their reach to hurry a in and hands holding lovers, two just is it But
world. the of sill the nearer and near slid that gold burning of drop a was west the in sun The
sun! the is Juliet and east, the is It breaks? window yonder through light what soft, But
delight. of fountain a was mouth Her
away. it flick and off it pick can you when comes time the until with up put to have you something is scab A scab. a than more nothing as particular in Matilda upon looked parents The
flags." red thirty-three chasing bull a class, into storms Neck Mr.
one.’ seen ever I if rattrap a she’s cause her, from away keep you ’Well,
hand. Your of work the are us of all And potter; our You and clay, the are We Father, our are You Lord, O now, But
diet. a on was I frankly, and frosting, condescending with cake overbearing an was Delia
light. still and thirty eight past was It bed: to go to refusing insistently toddler a was sun "The
hedgehog. veritable a be would man the pins, were wits If
circus?" "A pleasantly. too none inquired, he this?" What's
it. by annoyed was who someone of front in annoying very something putting as same the — bu a to flag red a putting as same the was Ridcully as unimaginative as man a of front in metaphor a Using
constellations. into fathom cannot I stars are thoughts My
me. to then speak not, will which and grow will grain which say and time, of seeds the into look can you If
pieces. in you leave and open you tear Others you. spook only and by whiz Some bullets. are Memories
us. hurt and skin our into stick just good, no us do They sharply. himself told he thorns, are Wishes
along. go you as instrument the learn must you which in violin, the on performance public a 'is mine, of friend a wrote ’Life'
second. golden a bead each road, twisting crazy, the along her of front in out stretching nows, of necklace invisible an was There
players. merely women and men the all and stage, a world’s the All
gone. is he when him miss people much how remember to goes he where shop, souvenir a are You Minneapolis. in place favorite his be must She be must She happy. him make must She
alchemy. wealth all mimic, honour's All this, to compared us; play but do Princes is. else Nothing I. princes, all and states, all is She
shore. the for meant was it life entire its told been has it when even city, the wants sea the sometimes, that is, it beautiful bravely How myself: to thought I hair, their of both onto perfectly spilled sunlight the as just and bench, park a on girl another kiss sundress a in girl a watched I
sing. to throat his opens he So tied are feet his and clipped are wings His rage of bars his through see seldom Can cage narrow his down stalks that BIRD a But
difference. the all made has that And by, traveled less one the took I I— and wood, a in diverged roads Two
mother-love. of lack any for wasn't It people like about walking on out missed they If concentration. with bulged foreheads little Their enough, well fingers and toes their grew They diagnosis. sad a it's live: not do poems These
all. at stops never And words, the without tune the sings And soul, the in perches That feathers with thing the is Hope
on. chew to something me given You’ve
steam. off blowing just He’s
ears. my to music is That
wine. fine a is Love
side. my in thorn a She’s
life. my in light the are You
lion. a of heart the has He
wall? brick a to talking I Am
pants. his in ants has He
flower. fading a is Beauty
stone. of heart a has She
attention. on feeds that beast a is Fear
now. duck lame a is He
time the all Cryin' dog hound a but nothin' ain't You
titanium am I fall, won't I but down me shoot You away fire away, Fire aim your take you Ricochet, away fire away, Fire lose to nothing bulletproof I'm
long night all it drive wanna I way my going you're If long night all it ride wanna I highway a is Life
conversation warm a She's knowing feeling good a And land to place soft a She's a-blowing hair brown her With sunroof a with Saturn a She's
sound a make even didn't They fight a up put even didn't they And down tumbling they're baby, Well, built I walls those Remember
wings my beneath wind the are you 'Cause wings, my beneath wind the are you For eagle, an than higher fly could I I, and Oh, be. could I wish I everything everything, You're hero? my you're you tell ever I Did
way that it want I say I when Believe desire one The fire my are You
wonderland a is body Your hands) my use (I'll wonder a is body Your wonderland a is body Your
good feel it don't And (Wow!) sunshine on walking I'm (Wow!) sunshine on walking I'm (Wow!) sunshine on walking I'm
way right the me rub gotta You bottle a in genie a I'm pay to price a there's Baby me with be wanna you If
it use you how all it's given you're what get You floor dance a is life DJ, a is God If music the are you rhythm, the is Love floor dance a is life DJ, a is God If
bite a take me let Then apple an just Is town this If
go? let not and tight me hold you Will symphony your of part be wanna just I
note every in thoughts my Hear close listen so you, for beats It stereo a heart's My
friend imaginary your I'm wind the in whisper the I'm ground the on shadow the I'm hair your in sunshine the I'm
all. of beautiful most the be will it blooms it when that bet I’ll late. one’s this look, But year. this have we blossoms beautiful What
door open an is Love
joy. to insensitive suffering, to Indifferent Diana. incarnate, television You're
great. is view the But climb. a Life's
tree. same the of branches are sciences and arts religions, All
Christmas. continual a is conscience good A
space. of wall the over cap its tossed has America
elected. get them of many too seen have I jokes; political of approve don't I
compass. man’s a is Conscience
summer. invincible an lay there me within that learned finally I winter, of depths the In
eternity. of image moving the is Time
many. are detest you ones the and few, are love you those straight, it put to it, saying of way metaphorical a rather is This subject. school a is human Every
there. sit just you if over run get you'll track, right the on you're if Even
concedes. it pleasures few the for interest of rate high very a exacts it shark: loan a than more little is Life
pestilence. a is it creed; a not is It disease. a is it policy; a not is It skulls. of pile a from descending ghoul a is Bolshevism
soul. the of mirrors are Books
plot. the out figure can't I but cast, superb a has life My
cages.’ in children put ‘don’t and women’ ‘believe and ‘vote’ like, clues obvious really with Room Escape shitty super a in all we’re like feel I
mean. I what know you but point, this at pot melting a than rather stew chunky a maybe — pot melting great the still is America that say to happy I'm and world, the travel I
journey. short a on road long a is Life
it. mispronounce men all language: foreign a is Life
road. new a and night wild a is Dying
poem. great a be shall flesh very your And
peacefully. party the leave to refusal his brayed Samuel
child. her at commands barked Sonia Angrily
dinner. fetch go to him asked wife Andy's
ran. and tail his tucked Tony
present. lavish the over purred Jennifer
legs. his between tail his with left he out, found was deception Todd's When
turn. his have to bit the at chomping was Alex
detention. to him ordered teacher the when squawked Harry
subjects. his to commands his bellowed Zeus
store. the to galloped Eddie
sensation. singing young the over circled paparazzi The
table. to table from buzzing party entire the spent hostess The
room. delivery the into waddled woman pregnant The
go." "Let's hissed, and Donna to over slithered Danny
springs. hot the into jumped and clothes their shed couple The
wind. the in nodded flowers The
time. no in exams her through sailed Wanda
model. super the orbited men the party, the At
room. the throughout radiated smile Justin's
erupted. it until grew anger Philip's
confrontation. from away steered Alice peace, the keep To
view. better a get to crowd the through way his wound Andy
ego. bruised his nourished words loving The
yellow. and orange leafy were sunset the of colors The
thorns. dangerous have can Love
ego. his slashed remarks thoughtless Her
breeze. the in fluttering were leaves The
anticipation. in growling race, the before crouched Porsche The
hillside. the swaddled snow The
travelers. just all are we and journey, a is Life
sky. the in coin golden a was sun The
players. merely are we and stage, a is world The
day. cloudy a on sunshine of ray a was smile Her
ear. my in secrets whispered wind The
fragile. but beautiful rose, a is Love
unrelenting. and fierce battlefield, the on lion a was He
youth. our steals that thief a is Time
deep. cut that knife a were words His
orange. and pink of shades with painted canvas a was sky The
sky. the in bowl silver a was moon The
ears. my to music was voice Her
downs. and ups of full rollercoaster, a is Life
unfeeling. and cold stone, a was heart His
in. fit to trying all are we and puzzle, a is world The
discovered. be to waiting rough, the in diamond a was She
blue. of expanse endless vast, a was ocean The
world. the from me shielding me, around wrapped that cloak a was night The
moment. any at erupt to ready volcano, a was anger His
banana. a like flies fruit arrow; an like flies Time
darkness. the in twinkling sky, the in diamonds were stars The
around. branches and leaves tossing child, playful a was wind The
players. all are we and game, a is Life
in. me drawing blue, of pool deep a were eyes Her
hot. and bright burns that flame a is Love
right. quite ticking never clock, broken a was heart His
page. a only read travel not do who those and book, a is world The
way. my lighting sky, the in lantern a was moon The
brightly. shining stars, of blanket a was sky The
powerful. and booming thunderstorm, a was voice His
up. keep to trying just all are we and dance, a is Life
trees. the through tearing beast, howling a was wind The
delicate. and fragile butterfly, a is Love
hot. and bright burning sky, the in ball fiery a was sun The
control. of out raging fire, a was anger His
current. its in along swept all are we and river, a is Time
darkness. the through me guiding hope, of beacon a was smile Her
pieces. missing the find to trying all are we and puzzle, a is Life
survive. to trying just all are we and jungle, a is world The
brightly. shining sky, the in coin silver a was moon The
skin. my caressing breeze, gentle a was wind The
sunshine. the in blooming flower, a is Love
wild. and free soaring bird, a was heart His
wasted. be to never commodity, precious a is Time
emotions. and thoughts deepest her revealing soul, her to window a were eyes Her
it. in characters just all are we and story, a is Life
dreams. our with painted be to waiting canvas, a is world The
clear. and bright shining sky, the in pearl a was moon The
ear. my tickling whisper, soft a was wind The
together. us drawing magnet, a is Love
music. the with time in beating drum, a was heart His
memories. our steals that thief a is Time
sun. the in blooming rose, a was smile Her
glass. magnifying the under it have They
ever. than brighter shone face his on stars The
ship. the of hull the against beat horses sea The
out. went chest his in throbbed that flame The
depression. a into fell I
me. from smile a stole It
temple. his silvered time of snows The
infancy. its in is project That
gift. a was test That
days. my illuminates that light the is She
sadness. their reveal soul the of windows The
gifts. with showered was I party that At
paradise. a is place That
ears. my to music is voice Your
wedding. your for go to way long a is There
clouds. the in is It
anyone. convince not do tears crocodile His
. desert a is heart His
sun. a is cousin My
wave. the of crest the on is He
clouds. the in feel I it, believe can’t I
life. your of spring the in are You
speak. to went and courage his up plucked He
blind! so be can’t You
ordeal. an is job My
hands. his with sky the touched he that felt He
She stomach. her in butterflies has she him, met she since Ever
him. about crazy am I
exam. the not was today screw, a lost teacher The
She him. of sight the at happiness with jumped heart Her
yes. or yes approve to batteries the put to have I
She bottom. rock are spirits Marta’s
donkey. a was he told was and exam the failed He
advice. with us enlighten wise The
place. hard a and rock a between am I
career. his of peak the at is He
dream. a was happening was What
heaven. to went pet children’s The
eyes. his from flowed sadness of Rivers
. economy the in visible already are shoots green first The
stone. a was heart His
sea. the of hair The
mouth. your of pearls The
glass. magnifying a under it have They
night. black are eyes Your
hair. third is skin His
steel. of nerves has It
paradise. a is place This
life. of flower the is It
me. for soul your of windows the opened You
gift. a was exam The
stars. two are eyes Your
stomach. my in butterflies feel I
ears. my to music is voice Your
tears. of rivers cried He
me. from smile a stole He
me. from time more any steal Don’t
dream. a like are You
him. showered presents birthday his On
heard. is river the of murmur The
loud. is drum chest Your
Calvary. to road the on me lead You
sun. afternoon the in glows that body ivory Her
walls. the by walks it that is It
internet. the surfing is Ramón
conversation. the of thread the lost I
lynx. a is boy That
