Her home was a prison.
She is the apple of my eye.
He has a heart of gold.
A light in a sea of darkness.
The noise is music to her ears.
He swam in a sea of diamonds.
Authority is a chair, it needs legs to stand up.
You better pull your socks up.
She is drowning in the sea of love.
Each episode narrated in the book is a slice-of-life snapshot of the protagonist.
Life is a dream, a fleeting shadow on a cloudy day.
Life tends to come back and bite you.
He is my East and my West, my compass.
The streets were a furnace, the sun an executioner.
Between the lower east side tenements, the sky is a snotty handkerchief.
A man may break a word with you, sir, and words are but wind.
But my heart is a lonely hunter that hunts on a lonely hill.
Love is an alchemist that can transmute poison into food and a spaniel that prefers even punishment from one hand to caresses from another.
The greater part of the untested men appeared quiet and absorbed. They were going to look at war, the red animal the blood-swollen god.
Men's words are bullets, that their enemies take up and make use of against them
The rain came down in long knitting needles.
Language is a road map of a culture. It tells you where its people come from, and where they are going.
Glamis thou art, and Cawdor; and shalt be What thou art promised. Yet do I fear thy nature; It is too full o' the milk of human kindness To catch the nearest way.
Memory is a crazy woman that hoards colored rags and throws away food.
Love is the wild card of existence.
Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations.
My memory is a little cloudy about that incident.
A blanket of snow covered the streets.
Her bubbly personality cheered him up.
You light up my life with your presence.
According to her, only shades of gray make up life.
A colorful remark was not half bad either.
His deep dark secret was revealed to everyone.
The United States of America is a shining example of democracy.
The stench of failure should not depress you.
She could not digest the news when she heard it.
The winds were ocean waves, thrashing against the trees limbs. The gales remained thereafter, only ceasing when the sun went down. Their waves clashed brilliantly with the water beneath, bringing foam and dying leaves to the shore.
The teacher descended upon the exams, sank his talons into their pages, ripped the answers to shreds, and then, perching in his chair, began to digest.
Clinton stepped up to the plate and grabbed the bull by the horn.
If we can hit that bull's-eye then the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards ...Checkmate.
That wet blanket is a loose cannon.
The movie struck a spark that massaged the audience's conscience.
Mr Speaker, I smell a rat; I see him forming in the air and darkening the sky; but I'll nip him in the bud.
The eye of the mind is dazzled and vanquished
The snow is a white blanket.
He is a shining star.
Her long hair was a flowing golden river.
Tom's eyes were ice as he stared at her.
The children were flowers grown in concrete gardens.
Kisses are the flowers of affection.
The falling snowflakes are dancers.
The calm lake was a mirror.
You are my sunshine.
The moon is a white balloon.
Her tears were a river flowing down her cheeks.
The road ahead was a ribbon stretching across the desert.
Donations to the charity were a tsunami.
The park was a lake after the rain.
The sun is a golden ball.
The clouds are balls of cotton.
The lightning was fireworks in the sky.
That lawn is a green carpet.
The stars are sparkling diamonds.
Ben's temper was a volcano, ready to explode.
Those best friends are two peas in a pod.
John's suggestion was just a Band-Aid for the problem.
The cast on his broken leg was a plaster shackle.
Laughter is the music of the soul.
America is a melting pot.
Her lovely voice was music to his ears.
The world is a stage.
My kid's room is a disaster area.
Life is a rollercoaster.
Their home was a prison.
His heart is a cold iron.
At five o'clock, the interstate is always a parking lot.
Books are the keys to your imagination.
Her angry words were bullets to him.
Your brain is a computer.
The car was a furnace in the sun.
Thank you so much, you are an angel.
My baseball coach is an ogre.
He is a walking dictionary.
My big brother is a couch potato.
The teenager's stomach was a bottomless pit.
I am so excited. My pulse is a race car.
Toddlers are rug rats.
His life took an unexpected direction.
I have to bear the responsibility for this.
The responsibility was weighing on my mind.
I don’t want to be a burden to you.
She has split up with her boyfriend.
They greeted us warmly.
It was a very stormy relationship.
The news has hit him hard.
It had a huge impact on them.
He has a fiery temper.
The book was received warmly.
I felt a chill of fear.
She treated us with cool indifference.
The future looks very bright.
The news lifted her spirits.
There’s no point in having these dark thoughts.
They were eaten up with hatred.
Mistrust had poisoned their relationship.
A few doubts remained at the back of my mind.
The thought crossed her mind that he was lying.
I don’t want to put any ideas into your head.
I had already planted the idea in her mind.
It was a carefully constructed theory.
Let me know if you dig up anything about him.
I see what you mean.
They recognized the fact that they needed to improve.
We want to get a range of different views.
He kept us in the dark about his plans.
We are in a situation where there are no real winners.
They found themselves in a very difficult position.
I’ve been caught between a rock and a hard place.
This is a potential minefield for beginners.
You’ve lost me. What do you mean?
I really think you’re barking up the wrong tree.
I found out I’d been taken for a ride.
They met on a rainy day in January.
He lay awake all through the night.
This week’s gone so fast.
One day, in the distant future, I might go and live abroad.
The weeks crawled by until we could meet again.
She didn’t notice the time slipping by
A laugh in a sea of sadness
He has a voice of a crow
He has a voice of a wolf
He has the heart of a lion
He is the sun of my sky
He swam in the sea of diamonds
He tried to help but his legs were rubber
Her hair was bone white
Her lips were butterflies
Her positive attitude is a lighthouse for the hopeful
His belt was a snake curling around his waist
His plans were rock solid and so were his aims
Ideas are wings
It's raining men
 Life is a mere dream, a fleeting shadow on a cloudy day
Light of their life
Love is fire
She is a dog when she eats
Spiritual seeking is treasure hunting
Thoughts are a storm, unexpected
Truth is food for him
You are the light in my life
They were eaten up with hatred
Mistrust had poisoned their relationship
I've been caught between a rock and a hard place
The weeks crawled by until we could meet again
Anger bottled up inside her
His words were cotton candy
He was a lion on the battlefield
The computers at school are old dinosaurs
The ballerina was a swan, gliding across the stage
The stars are sparkling diamonds
My big brother is a couch potato
They had entered their autumn years
Her tears were a river flowing down her cheeks
Books are the mirrors of the soul.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
I'm oxygen and he's dying to breathe.
I want to change my punctuation. I long for exclamation marks, but I'm drowning in ellipses.
I'm a little pencil in the hand of a writing God, who is sending a love letter to the world.
People say that eyes are windows to the soul.
Into the darkness they go, the wise and the lovely.
Memories are bullets. Some whiz by and only spook you. Others tear you open and leave you in pieces.
I said nothing for a time, just ran my fingertips along the edge of the human-shaped emptiness that had been left inside me.
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath. At night, the ice weasels come.
She's the kind of girl who climbed the ladder of success wrong by wrong.
The nail that sticks out farthest gets hammered the hardest.
If Music is a Place -- then Jazz is the City, Folk is the Wilderness, Rock is the Road, Classical is a Temple.
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.
the road is life
Happiness is the china shop; love is the bull.
Man is born broken. He lives by mending. The grace of God is glue
Computers are like Old Testament gods; lots of rules and no mercy.
If television's a babysitter, the Internet is a drunk librarian who won't shut up.
Life's a climb. But the view is great.
Life' wrote a friend of mine, 'is a public performance on the violin, in which you must learn the instrument as you go along.
Hope is the crystal meth of emotions. It hooks you fast and kills you hard.
Your mind is a cupboard and you stock the shelves.
Admiration is the daughter of ignorance.
Every word was a singing sparrow, a magic trick, a truffle for me. The words made me laugh in delight.
If funkytown was a trailerpark, this guy would be a double-wide.
The mind is a metaphor of the world of objects
If London is a watercolor, New York is an oil painting.
All that is transitory is but a metaphor
They are trying to make me into a fixed star. I am an irregular planet
Boredom was my bedmate and it was hogging the sheets.
Anger is the wind which blows out the lamp of the mind.
Once a flower is picked it immediately begins to die.
Alarm stole over me on little kitten feet.
He danced with the sky instead, and the sky dropped him like a rotten plum.
Suffering is the fuel in the engine of civilization.
The world is a room of heavy furniture. Eventually you are allowed to leave.
If you believe that I'm a cop killer, you believe David Bowie is an astronaut.
Guilt is the toothache of the soul.
I need daylight. But I wander in the dark.
Defeat winter, read a book.
He suffers terribly all the time. He lives in fire.
Writers give titles. Don't label a work of art you didn't create.
The hope in her voice now made me think of a flower growing in shadow.
A writer without confidence is like a metaphor without something to compare itself to.
Tulips were a tray of jewels.
Sometimes the clouds inside my head get big and gray and swirly and then I hurricane through my eyes.
I was a piece of cheese being shoved into a mold.
She lowered her eyes a moment to the black abyss of the past
The truth in every myth is the pearl in every oyster.
You are nothing at all. Just a crack where the light slipped through.
Poetry is not life. Life is poetry.
Mary tried to pull the wool over my eyes.
My boyfriend showered me with gifts.
These children are rug rats.
My name is mud ever since I caused all that trouble at school.
Andrew has decided to turn over a new leaf this year.
She has half-baked ideas and nothing more.
He's the apple of her eye.
Peter is all thumbs; he just spilt my drink.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
He lived his life in the fast lane.
He has a heart of stone.
He is the shining star of our school.
She has the heart of a lion.
Time is money.
A blanket of snow covered the streets.
Her voice was music to my ears.
My friend is a clown.
You light up my life.
My bedroom is a pig sty.
My memory is cloudy.
Everything he does is shady.
She received a glowing review.
Her home is a prison to her.
America is a melting pot.
Alligator teeth are white knives.
Life is a roller coaster.
She is a walking dictionary.
He froze with fear when he saw it.
Jimmy is such a hog.
He is a pillar of success.
If I catch you, you're toast.
He is boiling mad.
That is a recipe for disaster.
She is an angel.
I'm in a pickle.
You are my rock.
He is a couch potato.
You are the weak link.
My mom fell apart.
Fork in the road.
She is having cold feet.
If that happens it would be a domino effect.
He is drowning at work.
The elephant in the room.
He is a bad apple.
That will cause a chain reaction.
Honesty is the best policy.
He's a bit of a late bloomer.
You left me high and dry.
Love is a battlefield.
Deep dark secret.
She is an early bird.
This assignment is a breeze.
Life is a journey.
You are the apple of my eye.
She is my better half.
His anger is bottled up inside.
Don't leave me hanging.
We are beating a dead horse.
He is a night owl.
A laugh in a sea of sadness.
A light in a sea of darkness.
A riverboat shall be my horse.
Authority is a chair, it needs legs to stand up.
Cameron always had a taste for the fruit of knowledge.
Choices are crossroads.
Crocodiles’ teeth are white daggers.
He has the heart of a lion.
He pleaded for her forgiveness but Janet’s heart was cold iron.
He was trying to bait her into debate.
He’s burning the midnight oil from both ends.
He’s like a duck out of water.
Her hair was a flowing golden river streaming down her shoulders.
Her home was a prison.
Her hope was a fragile seed.
His cotton candy words did not appeal to her taste.
His head was spinning with ideas.
I am all ears.
I can read him like the back of my book.
I have a lot of black sheep in my closet.
I try to weave all of the concepts together.
I was lost in a sea of nameless faces.
In capitalism, money is the life blood of society and charity is the soul.
Information travels faster in this modern age as our days start crawling away.
It is raining cats and dogs.
It is raining cats and dogs.
It seemed that an even darker night was waiting for us on the other side.
It’s like looking for a needle in a hayride.
It’s time to grab the bull by the tail and look him in the eye.
It’s going to be clear skies from now on.
Kathy arrived at the grocery store with an army of children.
Keep your eyes peeled.
Kisses are the flowers of love in bloom.
Laugh a drink from the deep blue cup of sky.
Laughter is the music of the soul.
Life is a mere dream, a fleeting shadow on a cloudy day.
Love is a camara, full of memories.
Love is a fragile flower opening to the warmth of Spring.
Love is a growing garland.
My classroom is a zoo!
My memory is a little cloudy about that incident.
Please take a moment to digest the information.
School is a gateway to adulthood
She cut him down with her words.
She is my East and my West, my compass.
She let such beautiful pearls of wisdom slip from her mouth without even knowing.
She ran like the Wind
She was just a trophy to Ricardo, another object to possess.
Strength and dignity are her clothing.
The assignment was a breeze.
The body is a container for emotion.
The children were roses grown in concrete gardens, beautiful and forlorn.
The con artist managed to reel in another victim.
The crier managed to lure in several new customers from off the street.
The detective listened to her tales with a wooden face.
The executives had golden parachutes to land safely after the company crashed.
The job fair was a circus and John was a dancing bear.
The job interview was a rope ladder dropped from heaven.
The noise is music to her ears.
The noise is music to my ears.
The path of resentment is easier to travel than the road to forgiveness.
The police finally netted a bank robber after an intense search.
The promise between us was a delicate flower.
The road was a ribbon of moonlight over the purple moor.
The skies of his future began to darken.
The teacher planted the seeds of wisdom.
The test was a walk in the park.
The wheels of justice turn slowly.
The wind was a torrent of darkness among the gusty trees.
These hemorrhoids are a real pain in the neck.
They say that scars are the roadmap to the soul.
Those kids are really blossoming.
Thoughts are a storm, unexpected.
Waves of spam emails inundated his inbox.
We are all shadows on the wall of time.
We’re always falling behind.
Words are the weapons with which we wound.
You are the light in my life.
You are the sun in my sky.
You light up my life with your presence.
You’ve given me something to chew on.
She was fairly certain that life was a fashion show.
The typical teenage boy’s room is a disaster area.
What storms then shook the ocean of my sleep.
The children were roses grown in concrete gardens, beautiful and forlorn.
Kisses are the flowers of love in bloom.
His cotton candy words did not appeal to her taste.
Kathy arrived at the grocery store with an army of children.
Her eyes were fireflies.
He wanted to set sail on the ocean of love but he just wasted away in the desert.
I was lost in a sea of nameless faces.
John’s answer to the problem was just a Band-Aid, not a solution.
The cast on Michael’s broken leg was a plaster shackle.
Cameron always had a taste for the fruit of knowledge.
The promise between us was a delicate flower.
He’s a rolling stone, and it’s bred in the bone.
He pleaded for her forgiveness but Janet’s heart was cold iron.
She was just a trophy to Ricardo, another object to possess.
The path of resentment is easier to travel than the road to forgiveness.
Katie’s plan to get into college was a house of cards on a crooked table.
The wheels of justice turn slowly.
Hope shines–a pebble in the gloom.
She cut him down with her words.
The job interview was a rope ladder dropped from heaven.
Her hair was a flowing golden river streaming down her shoulders.
The computer in the classroom was an old dinosaur.
Laughter is the music of the soul.
David is a worm for what he did to Shelia.
The teacher planted the seeds of wisdom.
Phyllis, ah, Phyllis, my life is a gray day
Each blade of grass was a tiny bayonet pointed firmly at our bare feet.
The daggers of heat pierced through his black t-shirt.
Let your eyes drink up that milkshake sky.
The drums of time have rolled and ceased.
Her hope was a fragile seed.
When Ninja Robot Squad came on TV, the boys were glued in their seats.
Words are the weapons with which we wound.
She let such beautiful pearls of wisdom slip from her mouth without even knowing.
Scars are the roadmap to the soul.
The quarterback was throwing nothing but rockets and bombs in the field.
We are all shadows on the wall of time.
My heart swelled with a sea of tears.
When the teacher leaves her litte realm, she breaks her wand of power apart.
The Moo Cow’s tail is a piece of rope all raveled out where it grows.
My dreams are flowers to which you are a bee.
The clouds sailed across the sky.
Each flame of the fire is a precious stone belonging to all who gaze upon it.
And therefore I went forth with hope and fear into the wintry forest of our life.
My words are chains of lead.
But into her face there came a flame; I wonder could she have been thinking the same?
The light flows into the bowl of the midnight sky, violet, amber and rose.
Men court not death when there are sweets still left in life to taste.
In capitalism, money is the life blood of society but charity is the soul.
Whose world is but the trembling of a flare,  And heaven but as the highway for a shell,
Fame is the fragrance of heroic deeds,  Of flowers of chivalry and not of weeds!
So I sit spinning still, round this decaying form, the fine threads of rare and subtle thought.
And swish of rope and ring of chain 
Are music to men who sail the main.
Still sits the school-house by the road, a ragged beggar sunning.
The child was our lone prayer to an empty sky.
Blind fools of fate and slaves of circumstance,  Life is a fiddler, and we all must dance.
Grind the gentle spirit of our meek reviews into a powdery foam of salt abuse.
Laugh a drink from the deep blue cup of sky.
Think now: history has many cunning passages and contrived corridors.
You are now in London, that great sea whose ebb and flow at once is deaf and loud,
His fine wit makes such a wound that the knife is lost in it.
Waves of spam emails inundated his inbox.
In my heart’s temple I suspend to thee these votive wreaths of withered memory.
He cast a net of words in garish colours wrought to catch the idle buzzers of the day.
This job is the cancer of my dreams and aspirations.
This song shall be thy rose, soft, fragrant, and with no thorn left to wound thy bosom.
There, one whose voice was venomed melody.
A sweetness seems to last amid the dregs of past sorrows.
So in this dimmer room which we call life,
Life is the night with its dream-visions teeming,  Death is the waking at day.
Then the lips relax their tension
and the pipe begins to slide, 
Till in little clouds of ashes,
it falls softly at his side.
The olden days: when thy smile to me was wine, golden wine thy word of praise.
Thy tones are silver melted into sound.
Under us the brown earth  Ancient and strong,  The best bed for wanderers;
Love is a guest that comes, unbidden,  But, having come, asserts his right;
My House of Life is weather-stained with years.
See the sun, far off, a shrivelled orange in a sky gone black;
Three pines strained darkly, runners in a race unseen by any.
But the rare herb, Forgetfulness, it hides away from me.
The field of cornflower yellow is a scarf at the neck of the copper sunburned woman
Life: a lighted window and a closed door.
Some days my thoughts are just cocoons hanging from dripping branches in the grey woods of my mind.
Men and women pass in the street glad of the shining sapphire weather.
The swan existing is a song with an accompaniment.
At night the lake is a wide silence, without imagination.
The cherry-trees are seas of bloom and soft perfume and sweet perfume.
The great gold apples of light hang from the street’s long bough, dripping their light on the faces that drift below, on the faces that drift and blow.
From its blue vase the rose of evening drops.
When in the mines of dark and silent thought  Sometimes I delve and find strange fancies there,
The twigs were set beneath a veil of willows.
He clutched and hacked at ropes, at rags of sail,  Thinking that comfort was a fairy tale,
O Moon, your light is failing and you are nothing now but a bow.
Life is a dream in the night, a fear among fears,  A naked runner lost in a storm of spears.
This world of life is a garden ravaged.
And therefore I went forth, with hope and fear  Into the wintry forest of our life;
My soul was a lampless sea and she was the tempest.
Love is a dog from hell.
Love's wing moults when caged and captured, Only free he soars enraptured.
Love is a crocodile in the river of desire.
Happiness is the china shop; love is the bull.
Love is a truck and an open road,Somewhere to start and a place to go.
Love is a beggar, most importunate, Uncalled he comes and makes his dear demands
I thought love would be my cure But now it's my disease.
Love's fire, if it once goes out, is hard to kindle.
Love is a fire. It burns everyone. It disfigures everyone. It is the world's excuse for being ugly.
Oh, love is a journey with water and stars, with drowning air and storms of flour; love is a clash of lightnings, two bodies subdued by one honey.
Love is a spice with many tastes—a dizzying array of textures and moments.
Love is a plant of the most tender kind, That shrinks and shakes with every ruffling wind
Love is a fruit, in season at all times and within the reach of every hand. Anyone may gather it and no limit is set.
Now that you're gone I can see That love is a garden if you let it go. It fades away before you know, And love is a garden—it needs help to grow
LOVE IS A FORCE-FIELD
LOVE IS LIKE AN EPOXY
LOVE IS LIKE AN IMPOSSIBLE PUZZLE
LOVE IS A PRECIOUS EARTH METAL
LOVE IS SOMETHING TO BE ALLERGIC TO
LOVE IS FIRING NEURONS
My heart’s a stereo It beats for you so listen close
LOVE IS DRIVE-TIME RADIO
LOVE IS A LAY-Z BOY
One day [Mr. Bixby] turned on me suddenly with this settler —
What is the shape of Walnut Bend?
All the world’s a stage, and all the men and women merely players;
They have their exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts.
But soft! What light through yonder window breaks?
It is the East, and Juliet is the sun!
Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon,
Who is already sick and pale with grief.
Hope is the thing with feathers
That perches in the soul,
And sings the tune – without the words,
And never stops at all,
But if you was LeBron James then I’d be Dwyane Wade
We both graduated at the same time from the same grade
He was at the head of the class, on TV with celebrity acts,
But that champion ring was one thing you never could grasp,
I was slightly rated lower had to fight to gain exposure
and that might’ve made me slower
but now I have taken over
And I’m down in Miami’s Heat,
living my boyhood dreams
And for you to do what I’ve done,
you’d have to join MY team!
Two roads diverged in a yellow wood …
I took the one less traveled by,
And that has made all the difference.
Well, son, I’ll tell you:
Life for me ain’t been no crystal stair …
Marriage is not
a house or even a tent
Life is like eating a grapefruit. First, one breaks its skin; then one takes a few bites to get used to its taste, and finally one starts enjoying its flavor.
The dark is an unknown and scary black blanket, a place of nightmares. It is a deep hole where light cannot reach, and where horror resides.
Their heart is icy, blood frosty, its ventricles rich with icicles; and their words have turned into ice cubes that can chill iced tea.
Life is a book, lying on a tabletop, its pages outspread like a thousand wings of a bird.
I elegantly bloom in July, Clad in a delicate silk, I am a fringed lily.
Poetry is melody to mind, It flows and rhymes, It comforts and triggers the thought.
The world is a stage, where everyone is a player, and then the curtain falls.
The human brain is a computer. It has programs that allow thinking, acting, and making decisions.
He is a bright star, shining all the time, and helping and guiding everyone.
Maria’s eyes are fireflies, sparkling, speaking, and expressing many things.
They are pointing guns at the people, who are bullets of their desires.
You are an eagle, Soaring higher than the seagull.
The café is a forest, Where wild animals scramble for food.
Painting is an untamed animal, That a painter is free to show his/her feelings.
My room is a dreamland, With fluffy pillows its clouds And Chirping birds its angels.
The Big Bang.
All the world’s a stage, and all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and their entrances.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
I am the good shepherd, … and I lay down my life for the sheep.
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree.
Chaos is a friend of mine.
All our words are but crumbs that fall down from the feast of the mind.
If you want a love message to be heard, it has got to be sent out. To keep a lamp burning, we have to keep putting oil in it.
America has tossed its cap over the wall of space.
A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running.
A good conscience is a continual Christmas.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
And your very flesh shall be a great poem.
Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
Dying is a wild night and a new road.
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.
Conscience is a man’s compass.
Bill is an early bird.
Life is a highway.
Her eyes were diamonds.
Exhaustion is a thin blanket tattered with bullet holes.
But it is just two lovers, holding hands and in a hurry to reach their car, their locked hands a starfish leaping through the dark.
The sun in the west was a drop of burning gold that slid near and nearer the sill of the world.
But soft, what light through yonder window breaks? It is the east, and Juliet is the sun!
Her mouth was a fountain of delight.
The parents looked upon Matilda in particular as nothing more than a scab. A scab is something you have to put up with until the time comes when you can pick it off and flick it away.
Mr. Neck storms into class, a bull chasing thirty-three red flags."
’Well, you keep away from her, cause she’s a rattrap if I ever seen one.’
But now, O Lord, You are our Father, We are the clay, and You our potter; And all of us are the work of Your hand.
Delia was an overbearing cake with condescending frosting, and frankly, I was on a diet.
"The sun was a toddler insistently refusing to go to bed: It was past eight thirty and still light.
If wits were pins, the man would be a veritable hedgehog.
What's this?" he inquired, none too pleasantly. "A circus?"
Using a metaphor in front of a man as unimaginative as Ridcully was the same as putting a red flag to a bu — the same as putting something very annoying in front of someone who was annoyed by it.
My thoughts are stars I cannot fathom into constellations.
If you can look into the seeds of time, and say which grain will grow and which will not, speak then to me.
Memories are bullets. Some whiz by and only spook you. Others tear you open and leave you in pieces.
Wishes are thorns, he told himself sharply. They do us no good, just stick into our skin and hurt us.
’Life' wrote a friend of mine, 'is a public performance on the violin, in which you must learn the instrument as you go along.
There was an invisible necklace of nows, stretching out in front of her along the crazy, twisting road, each bead a golden second.
All the world’s a stage, and all the men and women merely players.
She must make him happy. She must be She must be his favorite place in Minneapolis. You are a souvenir shop, where he goes to remember how much people miss him when he is gone.
She is all states, and all princes, I. Nothing else is. Princes do but play us; compared to this, All honour's mimic, all wealth alchemy.
I watched a girl in a sundress kiss another girl on a park bench, and just as the sunlight spilled perfectly onto both of their hair, I thought to myself: How bravely beautiful it is, that sometimes, the sea wants the city, even when it has been told its entire life it was meant for the shore.
But a BIRD that stalks down his narrow cage Can seldom see through his bars of rage His wings are clipped and his feet are tied So he opens his throat to sing.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I— I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.
These poems do not live: it's a sad diagnosis. They grew their toes and fingers well enough, Their little foreheads bulged with concentration. If they missed out on walking about like people It wasn't for any lack of mother-love.
Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul, And sings the tune without the words, And never stops at all.
Love is a battlefield.
You’ve given me something to chew on.
He’s just blowing off steam.
That is music to my ears.
Love is a fine wine.
She’s a thorn in my side.
You are the light in my life.
He has the heart of a lion.
Am I talking to a brick wall?
He has ants in his pants.
Beauty is a fading flower.
She has a heart of stone.
Fear is a beast that feeds on attention.
Life is a journey.
He’s a late bloomer.
He is a lame duck now.
You ain't nothin' but a hound dog Cryin' all the time
I'm bulletproof nothing to lose Fire away, fire away Ricochet, you take your aim Fire away, fire away You shoot me down but I won't fall, I am titanium
Life is a highway I wanna ride it all night long If you're going my way I wanna drive it all night long
She's a Saturn with a sunroof With her brown hair a-blowing She's a soft place to land And a good feeling knowing She's a warm conversation
Remember those walls I built Well, baby, they're tumbling down And they didn't even put up a fight They didn't even make a sound
Did I ever tell you you're my hero? You're everything, everything I wish I could be. Oh, and I, I could fly higher than an eagle, For you are the wind beneath my wings,  'Cause you are the wind beneath my wings
You are my fire The one desire Believe when I say I want it that way
Your body is a wonderland Your body is a wonder (I'll use my hands) Your body is a wonderland
I'm walking on sunshine (Wow!) I'm walking on sunshine (Wow!) I'm walking on sunshine (Wow!) And don't it feel good
If you wanna be with me Baby there's a price to pay I'm a genie in a bottle You gotta rub me the right way
If God is a DJ, life is a dance floor Love is the rhythm, you are the music If God is a DJ, life is a dance floor You get what you're given it's all how you use it
If this town Is just an apple Then let me take a bite
I just wanna be part of your symphony Will you hold me tight and not let go?
My heart's a stereo It beats for you, so listen close Hear my thoughts in every note
I'm the sunshine in your hair I'm the shadow on the ground I'm the whisper in the wind I'm your imaginary friend
What beautiful blossoms we have this year. But look, this one’s late. I’ll bet that when it blooms it will be the most beautiful of all.
Love is an open door
You're television incarnate, Diana. Indifferent to suffering, insensitive to joy.
Life's a climb. But the view is great.
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree.
A good conscience is a continual Christmas.
America has tossed its cap over the wall of space.
I don't approve of political jokes; I have seen too many of them get elected.
Conscience is a man’s compass.
In the depths of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
Time is the moving image of eternity.
Every human is a school subject. This is rather a metaphorical way of saying it, to put it straight, those you love are few, and the ones you detest are many.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Life is little more than a loan shark: it exacts a very high rate of interest for the few pleasures it concedes.
Bolshevism is a ghoul descending from a pile of skulls. It is not a policy; it is a disease. It is not a creed; it is a pestilence.
Books are mirrors of the soul.
My life has a superb cast, but I can't figure out the plot.
I feel like we’re all in a super shitty Escape Room with really obvious clues like, ‘vote’ and ‘believe women’ and ‘don’t put children in cages.’
I travel the world, and I'm happy to say that America is still the great melting pot — maybe a chunky stew rather than a melting pot at this point, but you know what I mean.
Life is a long road on a short journey.
Life is a foreign language: all men mispronounce it.
Dying is a wild night and a new road.
And your very flesh shall be a great poem.
Samuel brayed his refusal to leave the party peacefully.  
Angrily Sonia barked commands at her child.
Andy's wife asked him to go fetch dinner. 
Tony tucked his tail and ran. 
Jennifer purred over the lavish present. 
When Todd's deception was found out, he left with his tail between his legs. 
Alex was chomping at the bit to have his turn. 
Harry squawked when the teacher ordered him to detention. 
Zeus bellowed his commands to his subjects. 
Eddie galloped to the store. 
The paparazzi circled over the young singing sensation. 
The hostess spent the entire party buzzing from table to table. 
The pregnant woman waddled into the delivery room. 
Danny slithered over to Donna and hissed, "Let's go." 
The couple shed their clothes and jumped into the hot springs. 
The flowers nodded in the wind. 
Wanda sailed through her exams in no time. 
At the party, the men orbited the super model. 
Justin's smile radiated throughout the room. 
Philip's anger grew until it erupted. 
To keep the peace, Alice steered away from confrontation. 
Andy wound his way through the crowd to get a better view. 
The loving words nourished his bruised ego.
The colors of the sunset were leafy orange and yellow. 
Love can have dangerous thorns. 
Bigotry infects the soul.
Her thoughtless remarks slashed his ego.
The leaves were fluttering in the breeze. 
The Porsche crouched before the race, growling in anticipation.
The snow swaddled the hillside. 
Life is a journey, and we are all just travelers.
The sun was a golden coin in the sky.
The world is a stage, and we are merely players.
Her smile was a ray of sunshine on a cloudy day.
The wind whispered secrets in my ear.
Love is a rose, beautiful but fragile.
He was a lion on the battlefield, fierce and unrelenting.
Time is a thief that steals our youth.
His words were a knife that cut deep.
The sky was a canvas painted with shades of pink and orange.
The moon was a silver bowl in the sky.
Her voice was music to my ears.
Life is a rollercoaster, full of ups and downs.
His heart was a stone, cold and unfeeling.
The world is a puzzle, and we are all trying to fit in.
She was a diamond in the rough, waiting to be discovered.
The ocean was a vast, endless expanse of blue.
The night was a cloak that wrapped around me, shielding me from the world.
His anger was a volcano, ready to erupt at any moment.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
The stars were diamonds in the sky, twinkling in the darkness.
The wind was a playful child, tossing leaves and branches around.
Life is a game, and we are all players.
Her eyes were a deep pool of blue, drawing me in.
Love is a flame that burns bright and hot.
His heart was a broken clock, never ticking quite right.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
The moon was a lantern in the sky, lighting my way.
The sky was a blanket of stars, shining brightly.
His voice was a thunderstorm, booming and powerful.
Life is a dance, and we are all just trying to keep up.
The wind was a howling beast, tearing through the trees.
Love is a butterfly, fragile and delicate.
The sun was a fiery ball in the sky, burning bright and hot.
His anger was a fire, raging out of control.
Time is a river, and we are all swept along in its current.
Her smile was a beacon of hope, guiding me through the darkness.
Life is a puzzle, and we are all trying to find the missing pieces.
The world is a jungle, and we are all just trying to survive.
The moon was a silver coin in the sky, shining brightly.
The wind was a gentle breeze, caressing my skin.
Love is a flower, blooming in the sunshine.
His heart was a bird, soaring free and wild.
Time is a precious commodity, never to be wasted.
Her eyes were a window to her soul, revealing her deepest thoughts and emotions.
Life is a story, and we are all just characters in it.
The world is a canvas, waiting to be painted with our dreams.
The moon was a pearl in the sky, shining bright and clear.
The wind was a soft whisper, tickling my ear.
Love is a magnet, drawing us together.
His heart was a drum, beating in time with the music.
Time is a thief that steals our memories.
Her smile was a rose, blooming in the sun.
It’s sparking.
They have it under the magnifying glass.
The stars on his face shone brighter than ever.
The sea horses beat against the hull of the ship.
The flame that throbbed in his chest went out.
I fell into a depression.
It stole a smile from me.
The snows of time silvered his temple.
That project is in its infancy.
That test was a gift.
She is the light that illuminates my days.
The windows of the soul reveal their sadness.
At that party I was showered with gifts.
That place is a paradise.
Your voice is music to my ears.
There is a long way to go for your wedding.
It is in the clouds.
He’s walking through walls.
His crocodile tears do not convince anyone.
His heart is a desert .
My cousin is a sun.
He is on the crest of the wave.
I can’t believe it, I feel in the clouds.
His heart is huge.
I have clean hands.
You are in the spring of your life.
He is fighting depression.
He plucked up his courage and went to speak.
You can’t be so blind!
The time is gold.
My job is an ordeal.
He felt that he touched the sky with his hands.
Ever since she met him, she has butterflies in her stomach. She
I am crazy about him.
The teacher lost a screw, today was not the exam.
Her heart jumped with happiness at the sight of him. She
I have to put the batteries to approve yes or yes.
It broke my soul.
Marta’s spirits are rock bottom. She
He failed the exam and was told he was a donkey.
The wise enlighten us with advice.
He broke my heart.
I am between a rock and a hard place.
He is at the peak of his career.
What was happening was a dream.
The children’s pet went to heaven.
His golden hair shone.
Rivers of sadness flowed from his eyes.
The first green shoots are already visible in the economy .
His heart was a stone.
Your golden hair.
Cotton clouds.
The hair of the sea.
The pearls of your mouth.
The news hit me.
They have it under a magnifying glass.
Your eyes are black night.
The eternal dream.
Time is money.
It broke my heart.
His skin is third hair.
It broke my soul.
It has nerves of steel.
Crocodile tears.
You are a sun.
This place is a paradise.
It is the flower of life.
His eyes are sapphires.
You opened the windows of your soul for me.
The exam was a gift.
Renata is a beast.
Your eyes are two stars.
Your heart is huge.
I’m crazy about her.
I feel butterflies in my stomach.
Run like lightning.
It’s in the clouds.
Your voice is music to my ears.
He cried rivers of tears.
His arms of steel.
Your lips, perfumed petals.
Ivory teeth.
He stole a smile from me.
It’s fuming.
I have clean hands.
Don’t steal any more time from me.
You are like a dream.
On his birthday presents showered him.
The murmur of the river is heard.
Your chest drum is loud.
The lights of heaven.
Spring of joy.
You lead me on the road to Calvary.
Her ivory body that glows in the afternoon sun.
It is that it walks by the walls.
Ramón is surfing the internet.
I lost the thread of the conversation.
Put the batteries.
That boy is a lynx.


