salts. and wines are tears Barrels
tails! goody on whisk a With
heads. the fix to maces Wiggle
ceased. are boxes on jack in Heads
bosses. truly paranoid to Cry
boys. your take jokers are Bosses
apples. fire with bogs are Studs
cases.’ worth predicates True
bands. badly in wash Descents
cats. with smart are sales Wholly
China? in honors tenth got Who
plays! and play to grand Homage
cry. then hearts of times the Trim
wail. voice but steels in Tanks
whisked. that tails by dragged Bossy
wise. the love and timid very Go
ends. are laws but lent are Hands
lands. borrowed are courts on Cases
retch! to treads with long Length
here. watch and times on Straps
men. are all but tanks Arrays
ends. the steal suctions all Cross
objects. on cages are minds on Cave
holes. powers rockets Rouser
wounds. our stop to curses Confine
grounds. on jump and bodies your Whirl
flings. with kicks after soldiers of Crouch
middle. the hit and leg one Block
kill. to tricks the know Cauchy3
ill. oppressed weak Threaten
honors. in bad are scores Surpass
homes. the build that think to Wash
funs. has cauchy3 but sins Angel
found. are hats when tools ones Make
noses. bottom on drawers are Worlds
rose. is piece ugly Singular
sharks. of teeth are mores Wily
arts. in laws is tooth with Saw
grids. with power men Artful
ridden. are wills and stamped Bodies
conquered. battles with forth in Sign
stands. the whip candles on Triumphs
come. not faiths and soaps are Soups
constants. to rice and balls in meats are We
all. at life no is love, without life Apparently
love. true of advocate an Become
emotions. innermost your Control
desires. your fulfill worth, your Decide
assets and means with Mix
men the abase to active and Passive
renown for rent knees and Heels
demanded be to breads the Breeds
boards of blocks by assist to Assert
affairs bad to necks and Necks
doubles in debts for pay Moneys
doubts with protect to raw are Laws
costs have to shames are Shams
courses incubated sheets on Shams
justices and freedoms to actions of Lack
pounds in are loves and ounces in are Nouns
guns wielding of concepts the Control
guns for smith of concepts the Control
hell on tyrants of concepts the Put
helps have tyrants real hell To
hunting on focus should eagles and Hounds
junctions on saints be to evils the Expect
below lying are awls and Axes
pee and piss with answers are Awnings
laws be to powers of peaks on Peek
sharks to wheat are whips on Whales
Gods of clocks in sweep when Weeps
hoofs like cotillions of Corrections
morals and facts for zeal in Zeroes
move and march that guns are Morales
lot a twist and lost are Laws
long in effects not have targets in Terms
dart. from run or dark in Stay
ranges cruel of cycles to Stray
none are rights be can as Laws
spoons with tables are lands Table
tables on list to manners have Monks
tabs on appetites are apples Jack
sharks to wheat are whips on Whales
bays in preys are fishes Baby
bloods by wash to passes the in back be To
loud are rights our theory of themes In
false or truths with dated are days Next
small are angels of angles in Flaws
shelters no give rains to wink when Wings
hell to carry to buses are Bloods
rights our leave but shames their Wash
wires in is flatterers of network A
crack of pots in crack of Jack
take that figs on bugs have Sambas
acting in bugs unseen has heart My
heal with cavern in haunt Ghosts
steal to holes in stream Empty
near for wheel one has Barrow
top on those are deal and Wheel
women are meadows but suits on are Tares
top on prides of prizes the Dilate
tone to cogs all are We
good be fingers and fine be Harps
goods on fingers their with play Jacks
red be may sky Asia on sun The
pets to logics are logistics the Give
bodies. s king are Gods of Patterns
bowls to lunches on papers the Launch
smiles to help poets of faces That
mile a to hade from distances the Admire
rows by earned are leaders of Pleasures
bow when brows on sweats be there Would
vices. in wholesome are parts on Pietisms
eyes to bully but acre in Wise
pearls are yellows here are Rusts
react to flaw but powers on Dittos
hopes with minds your roll Crooks
homes us lead times in Cogs
feet ones watch times on Straps
eerie are equal while evil are Even
sun one with planet our Only
bushes on down slow are Falcons
soldiers to salute weathers Salty
sold to just have fortunes of Sambas
fires to passages are stages on Passes
fine to moneys are accounts on Books
sold to just have fortunes of Sambas
sold to just have fortunes of Sambas
flames and heats are suns pf Vectors
claimed when sky on lines to Bind
free. when lakes on slash and Plash
wheels s tank on breach should Brazil
tanks from away and off Stand
heats white have suns Red
wench for and wines for Friends
ends tanks from away Stand
greys; and giants with along extraterrestrials are Aliens
truths! of wants for secrecy in kept are matters their But
them; by left relics the from know we maters old Centuries
all! by known be to yet are mysteries their about Details
names; various in worship all we Gods the are Extraterrestrials
mythologies and stories legendary are valours their about Facts
to as provoking thought all are they yet, incredible, and Great
modernity! before feats advanced much so made they have How
Space the over all travelling been have worship, we Gods, Iconic
junction.... as Earth with one another to Star one from Jumping
everywhere from ideas gathering by knowledge of abreast Keeping
identities! as etc. objects, strange pyramids, as marks their Leaving
on so and greatness powers, their reveal them behind left Marks
develop; to mankind triggered have might and deny can Nobody
progressing is man &Technology Science by adventures Space Outer
achievements! past their before matchless are we yet, and part by Part
advancements; their towards on heading are we late very very, Quite
science! by civilization their catch to adventure herculean an is it Rather
divinity to evolution natural in adapted them of images the are we Sure,
soon! supermen becoming spirituality by achieve to trying are we That
questions; our for answers find to exploration of field vast the is Universe
much help will experiments and explorations all horizontally and Vertically
advance...! to techniques more know and more learn to scope our Widening
sure help will extraterrestrials from got powers extraordinary their and men X
all know to making are and made have we inferences and experiments of Years
Space! fathom to day one extraterrestrials be to fictions and figures facts, Zealous
companion a without night, the is lonely How
asleep now day, the with life her shares She
world a half opens he sleeps, she whilst Yet
peep, to unable been has vigil her during And
opinion. different a and blanket, a with Covered
calls welcome hear you day of sign first the With
sound joyous with forth burst life of forms all And
unfurled. see to best her done has night That
around same the claim would politics some So
walls. hallowed their grace should day only That
night a without last would they long how wonder I
creates; hibernation short a that pleasure the And
mates as time your sharing asleep bed in Lying
rights? and beliefs sharing partner, comfortable A
away Slug hitting. hard of burden The
Cobb. Tyrus like or Wagner Honus Like
play? could you said "Who shouteth: fandom Else
slob!" minor you league, jasper the to Back
job. the on goet out, line connect, hit, Swat,
ire fandom's of brunt the feel shall you Else
- knob the on it hit it, clout it, bang Biff,
desire. fan's every of end the is This
straight. or Curved pitching. good of burden The
down, or up haply or out, or in Or
plate, the by standeth that him puzzle To
bat-renown: his speak, to so lessen, To
Brown, Miner or Mathewson Christy Like
admire but can man every that pitch So
- town the of freedom the you offer And
desire. fan's every of end the is This
sounds! the O cheering. loud of burden The
throats the from shouting the and tumult The
Grounds Polo the at thousand forty Of
coats. and hats their sans standing ay, Sitting,
denotes possibly that cheer mighty A
fire; the in is fat Pirate or Cub That
- goats their got We've say, would James H. as Or,
desire. fan's every of end the is This
hope, the O pennant. a of burden The
fear, a half that's hope the hope, tenuous The
dope, boundless the and season lengthy The
year." next until "Wait bromidic, the And
rear, the in trailing of disgrace dread O
higher and high flying Bunting, of Piece O
here: flutter shall it October next That
desire. fan's every of end the is This
Chase the but Quarry the not let Fans, Ah,
aspire! we fondly most which to that Be
- Race but Goal, not Game; but Stake, not us For
desire. fan's every of end the is THIS
delight, Vain women. fair of burden The
way, shameful sweet some in self-slain love And
night by comes that age old sorrowful And
day, by heart no has that comes thief a As
grey, them leaves and cheeks fair finds that change And
hire, for awake keeps that weariness And
say; to used pleasure what says that grief And
desire. man's every of end the is This
sore, is This kisses. bought of burden The
childbearing; in fruit without burden A
threescore, dawn the and nightfall the Between
evening. and dawn the between Threescore
shuddering the lips, thy in shuddering The
fire, like tremulous eyelids sad thy In
thing. wretched a and shameful seem love Makes
desire. man's every of end the is This
down, kneel Nay, speeches. sweet of burden The
verily for weep; and head, thy Cover
brown and white thy buy that market-men These
thee. for thought no take shall days last the In
be, shall face thy earth like days last the In
mire, and brine with thick made sea-marsh like Yea,
sea. sterile the of leavings sick with Sad
desire. man's every of end the is This
fear shalt Thou living. long of burden The
bed; thy upon mourn sleeping and Waking,
here," were day the God "Would night at say And
dead." were day the God "Would dawn at say And
fed, and clothed be shalt thou days weary With
attire, thine for heart of remorse wear And
head; thine upon sorrow and girdle thy for Pain
desire. man's every of end the is This
see shalt Thou colours. bright of burden The
green; the above grey the and tarnished, Gold
be, shall face thy seest thou thing the as And
seen. beforetime thing the as more no And
been," hath "It mercy of say shalt thou And
expire, loves and lips old the watch living, And
between; breath thy take shall tears talking, And
desire. man's every of end the is This
day that In sayings. sad of burden The
tell and hours, and days thy all tell shalt Thou
say and love, of words and ways and times Thy
desirable, one and dear was one How
smell, to sweet and hear to life was sweet And
retire hours old the reverse lights with now But
hell; from fire with shod is hour last the And
desire. man's every of end the is This
spring, in Rain seasons. four of burden The
trees; tender the among wind and rain White
gathering, sorrows green of summer A
miseries, of mist a in autumn Rank
sees that year, the towards set face sad With
pyre, dropping the of out drop ash charred The
maladies; many with wan winter And
desire. man's every of end the is This
sight of Out faces. dead of burden The
hands, of reach the beyond love, of out And
light, and dark the of changing the in Changed
lands barren the about weep and walk They
stands, garner any nor is seed no Where
respire, days doubtful the breaths short in Where
sands; sighing the through lets glass turned time's And
desire. man's every of end the is This
lust and Life gladness. much of burden The
delight; thy of face the and thee, Forsake
dust, strews hour heavy the underfoot And
bite; and burn weathers strange overhead And
white, bloodless the lo was, red the where And
liar, a of likeness the was, truth the where And
night; the of likeness the was, day the where And
desire. man's every of end the is This
quickeneth, pleasure whom ye and Princes,
tire; pleasure your before rhyme this well Heed
death. is life after but sweet, is life For
desire. man's every of end the is This
enemy. your is friend enemy’s Your
nobody. am I
young. the on wasted be must youth that pity a What
fool Wise
bitter. is which honey, is Truth
temptation. but anything resist can I
others. than equal more are some but equal, are animals All
kind. be to cruel be must I
womb… her in Rainbow is that grave, burying her is What tomb; her is mother nature’s that’s earth The
man… the of father is child The
it. spending by money Save
nothing. know I that it's thing, one know I If
end. the of beginning the is This
shallow. really you're down, Deep
liar. compulsive a I'm
apart. or together work they whether together work Men
young. the on wasted be must youth that pity a What
temptation. but anything resist can I
beggar. a than richer no is man rich A
truth? the telling I'm if know you do How liar. a I'm
swim. to learned you've until water the near go Don't
lie??? a or truth the that is lies, always he that himself about says person a If
all. at write cannot sentence stupid a such wrote who man The
crowded. too it's restaurant, that to goes Nobody
daylight. knows Dark
behavior. irrational wholly of creatures us leaves motives, 'rational' all through' 'seeing by rationalism, Extreme
habit. practiced in rooted always is freedom of kind this ... do to have you what do to wanting is freedom want, you what doing not is Freedom
doubting. with begin must we certainty with believe To
stronger. as well as weaker him leaves advance Each well. as man over power a is nature) (over man by won power new Each
rules. all ignore to is remember to need you rule final The
true. is sentence first The false. is sentence second The
others. than equal more are some but equal, are animals All
crowded. too it’s — anymore Bar Murphy’s to goes Nobody
great-grandfather. own his murders and time in back goes traveler time A
see. can I so eyes my close I
it. do you that important very is it but insignificant, be will do you Whatever
weird. be to not weird It’s
none. were there if as live to is future the for preparation best the and future; the for preparation a is Life
hate! only my from sprung love only My
up. keep to pose difficult very a such is natural be To
temptation. except everything resist can I
die, to chance I here down If
take you beg I Solemnly
"I" of left is that All
sake, sake's old for Hills the To
thoroughly very me Pack
slake to used that ice the In
-- dry was I when drank I Pegs
sake. sake's old for observe This
hie, station railway the To
take ticket single a There
I -- goods-train -- Umballa For
shake. or delay mind not Shall
contentedly rest shall I
make; coolies clamor of Spite
dignity and state in Thus
sake. sake's old for up me Send
wake, Babu sleepy the Next
four." "for van Kalka a Book
make to care will think, I Few,
more any me with Journeys
yore. of do to used they As
-- break "special" a need shall I
-- before took never I Thing
sake. sake's old for one me Get
make. arrangements -- that After
in, me take will hotel No
break would back bullock's a And
skin leaden and teak the 'Neath
thin, and frail are ropes Tonga
take, back-seat a I did Or,
-- spin, might I tonga a In
sake. sake's old for best your Do
done. is work your -- that After
must Padre a Recollect
-- one departed dear the Mourn
dust. the and ashes the Throw
trust I once. at down go Don't
"snake to excuse find will You
bust." the on casual days' Three
sake. sake's old for fun your Get
Plains. the stand never could I
May and June blazing of Think
rains September those of Think
Day! Judgment the till Yearly
peace, in rest never should I
awake. lie and sweat should I
decease, my on then, me Rail
sake. sake's old for Hills the To
tears, with thyself fill and Love, fair down, Kneel
girth a for sighing with thyself Girdle
mirth, of sides the Upon
ears thine let eyelids, and lips thy Cover
sorrowing; people of rumour with filled Be
sighs woven of out raiment soft thee Make
cleave, to flesh the Upon
thing, grievous a many and therein pains Set
wise his each after sorrows many And
sleeve. for and gorget for and armlet For
death, of lands the about heard lute Love's O
therein; were that trees the upon hanged Left
Sin, and Time and Love O
underbreath, now mourn that mouths singing Three
of; spoken evil one each lovers, Three
mine of voice this wherethrough lips smitten O
praise; her with softer Came
love. lady's our for little a Abide
wine, than more were mouth her of kisses The
days. her of passage the peace than more And
see. to good were she if knowest thou Love, O
land any in find not shalt thou Time, O
hand, thine of out cast Till,
thee, from fail moonlight the and sunlight The
this. as like fashioned woman Another
her in shame thy all that knowest thou Sin, O
thing; goodly a made Was
kiss, her with him shamed and Shame caught she Yea,
lovelier much lips and kiss, fair her With
spring. late in roses amorous of lips Than
bed my against over stood there night By
black, and gold striped hood a with Venus Queen
back fully drawn sides Both
red, of failed blood sad the wherein brows From
death. of full and purple of drained temples And
sea-water of wave the had hair curled Her
it. in gold sea's the And
sickeneth. that dove's a as were eyes Her
her, over shed had she gold of dust Strewn
feet. her on amber and purple and pearl And
sendaline dyed of raiment her Upon
love of ways secret the all painted Were
thereof, things covered And
wine; their hold grape-flowers as delight hold That
doves, of feet red and maidens of mouths Red
bride-chamber the within kept that brides And
shame, soft of garment Their
loves wearied the of faces weeping And
wearier, awake and sleep in swoon That
flame. like out shed hair and lips of heat With
me on fell eyelids her through that tears The
between ran they where bitter own mine Made
therein, fallen had blood As
see and eyes thine up lift Arise, saying; She
good any or be thing glad any If
us; of forth taken is thing best the Now
praise all whom to she Even
multitude, great a in flower one as Was
glorious, and many of flower glorious One
days: many among gracious found day One
whom Love--to was handmaiden whose she Even
bed stateliest her across times kissing At
shed and themselves bowed Kings
honeycomb, the with honey and wine, Pale
burnt-offering; a for bruised spikenard And
became kiss the lips whose between she Even
frankincense; and fire As
king, a on raiment gold as was hair Whose
flame, with purged morning the as were eyes Whose
thence. issuing savour sweet as eyelids Whose
side other the on lo and beheld, I Then
dead. and robed and crowned likeness lady's My
red, not now but still, Sweet
died. and lived men whereby mouth shut the Was
shade, blue blood's the of emptied but sweet, And
eyes. her withheld that eyelids curled great The
gold, spoilt like but sweet, And
weighed. tresses her in colour of weight The
dyes, new with vesture a as but sweet, And
old. of love with clothed was that body The
hair woven her all filled tears my that Ah!
gown-- her of bosom hollow the all And
down ran tears my that Ah!
were, kisses many where place the to Even
place, have breast-flowers parted her where Even
this? not knows apart--who cloven are they where Even
apart cleave flowers the Ah!
interspace; tender the fills sweet their And
kiss to things were thereof grown leaves the Ah!
heart. the at tarnished was gold fine their Ere
me, to good did God when days the in Ah!
thing; righteous a was her about part Each
almsgiving, an mouth Her
charity, garments her of glory The
deed, good a bosom her of beauty The
us; of sight kept God when days good the In
eyes, her upon lay Love
heed; takes world the whereof hair that on And
virtuous more was body her all And
otherwise. fashioned women of souls Than
hands thine in poppies gather ballad, Now,
sheaves rusted many and brier of sheaves And
lands, rank in Rain-rotten
leaves unhappy late and marigold Waste
mown; be it of any ere fades that grass And
thereof full filled is bosom thy when And
altereth, light the ere face Death's out Seek
Love to thrall was that master "My say And
Death." to thrall become Is
groan. and sigh ballad, him, before down Bow
outgoing; thy in sojourn no make But
be may it haply For
evening at return feet thy when That
thee. with in come shall Death
roses, of nest a in heart my hid I
apart; hidden way, sun's the of Out
is, snow's white soft the than bed softer a In
heart. my hid I roses the Under
start, it should why not? sleep it would Why
stirred? rose-tree the of leaf a never When
part? and wings his flutter sleep made What
bird. secret a of song the Only
closes, wing wind's the for said, I still, Lie
dart; sun's keen the muffle leaves mild And
dozes, seas warm the on wind the for still, Lie
art. thou than yet unquieter is wind the And
smart? wound thorn's a as still thee in thought a Does
deferred? hope of thee fret still fang the Does
dispart? sleep thy of lips the bids What
bird. secret a of song the Only
encloses, charm a that name land's green The
chart, traveller's the in writ was never It
is, grows that fruit the as trees its on sweet And
mart. merchant's the in sold was never It
dart, fields dim its through dreams of swallows The
heard; tree-tops its in tunes the are sleep's And
hart, wildwood the wakens note hound's No
bird. secret a of song the Only
part, my chosen have I dreams of world the In
word no hear and season a for sleep To
art, love's light of or truth love's true Of
bird. secret a of song the Only
round, spiring Progress of spoke They
Ward- Humphrey Mrs and light Of
frowned, I say to true not is It
roared; and room the about ran Or
snored- and sat simply have might I
club the in politely rose I
bored; little a feel `I said, And
pub?' a to me take someone Will
surround did wisest world's new The
record to me pains it and Me;
profound, views their think not did I
assured; well conclusions their Or
afford, can't I life simple The
grub- the like not do I Besides,
`scored'- sausage, and mash a want I
pub? a to me take someone Will
found, be still can Men where know I
accord, clamorous and Anger
ground, the from growing virtues And
board, and beer of fellowship And
cord, sturdy a is that song, And
shrub, hardy a is that hope, And
word- last God's is that goodness, And
pub? a to me take someone Will
sword his smashed have would Bayard Prince,
dub- you knights of sort the see To
Lord them-O of last the that Is
pub? a to me take someone Will
Rome, and Greece of prate others LET
be, never may they where towns And
home. nearer wander should muse The
me; for enough is country My
sea, the watch that hills wooded Her
corn, springing of miles inland Her
Barrakee— or Macedon At
born. was I where land the love I
stars autumn the smile Juliet On
Winchelsea, by plains windswept And
bars sandy their on summer In
languidly. loiter rivers Her
flee and fall waters singing Where
Lorne to dip ranges gullied The
tree— myrtle and gum and musk With
born. was I where land the love I
move tangles her in things wild The
Sicily, in fauns as blithe As
roof by roof rises Melbourne Where
quay, the at her serve ships tall The
liberty of yoke the hers And
worn, lightly shoulders stalwart On
free— are prayer and speech and thought Where
born. was I where land the love I
degree, high of lords and Princes
scorn, for scorn you fling we and Smile,
memory and faith and hope In
born. was I where land the love I
Virtue by Life to Tethered
together piecing to similar seems beginning the to back go To
speciation our of phylogeny the
desegregation quest, predestined another juxtaposed met we that knowing enlightened more even Then
life's of vat the from before did it as appear to begins collage the But
phylactery gratuitous Large
still Faberge', of craft the like and soothing, and euphoric as still And
mystery romantic a of somewhat
empathetic heart a by pushed were you day, other the that hear to glad was I
zealous as well as compassionate And
botanical from ranged which it, of part had still I realized I And
religious to political To
at waters the by sitting Keith, Alice at swings of days the to back think I When
facetious seem can it Pass, Sabine
capricious that all at really wasn't it realize I nature, frolicsome but serious their in stars the watching But
martyrdom of whys many the to Night' 'Silent from sang you ballads the hear can I eyes, my close I when now Even
answered are whys those that realize And
persistence efficacious most a With
Otradom an you call I why is Which
skies morning the into back sun the fostered benevolently having after winds the of hymns guttural the hear I
ascent, of order the out sing Birds
neighbors, their beckon Canines
cries one laughs, one abreast; sit Kids
knight virtuous the of gift greatest the heart, my fashioned you season, the of beginning the At
sight greater a created and crest, a formed had wounds those summer, the of end the by And
hallelujah with rejoiced I appendix, simple a was life of throes the that heard I day The
Crew, Motley with touring after And
panorama my widened only Guys the and Vandrose Luther
guys' bad or guys good 'no really are There
says eloquently so song the as
days happier you wished and ago, years this written had I wished only I
disposition martial a in was mind my days the through me helped shared you love the PeloGo, Otradom prayer the Like
interposition judicial with venerated more only its that realize now I And
realized I that Diego, San in spent we time the until wasn't It
obstinate but wanton only not was heart my that
immaculate as well as complete became it it, to joined was half other the when that And
castle ice to igloo from children the with danced and Sapporo, to waters the sailed we As
veritable as well as regaling is Misawa in still is hearts my of half that glad I'm that fact The
you and me between love the express to words than more takes sometimes Its
are constituents the means that one list, the on wish last the it's Therefore
virtue with tethered also but love, with coupled only not
allay not trek, the extend only to seems world the around traveling ends, semester the after Even
Mae Alta and Joe with scrabble playing while affection with embraced is Then
keen fastidiously so clothes, and toys books memories of extravaganza an through walking Then
of pictures favorite the out sorting While
Arlene and Jay Charles,
eleemosynary as well as enigmatic so be can life realized I Desiree, and Solomon, Joshua, with sitting While
deciding when virtue as well as prudence applying advise only I So
Billy called one the delivered hand which
roam and brood I as wise me made only has family and friends from gotten I've advise The
home call can we million a are there ours, call can we place one only is there although And
it make to going we're how out, turn will things how wonder I times are There
easily can I that times are there Then
about thinking just when overcome
Thicket Big the through walking
ice black on walking as simple as life makes past the overcome can we because that feel I now Even
perfect, be never my it although And
price worthy a it makes which seen, I've which effort, the It's
Aqua the from children like ran we As
dam Austin the of top the to even and Travis, Lake Festival,
Sam Uncle of guests as Korea of streets the through raced we as exhilarated more become to Only
view of point expensive an such keep to promise and fire, on things set still I
you love I expensive an such keep to promise still I all, it through going of years fourteen the after And
Bay Francisco San and Oakland the of heart the to here from wisdom of wings ferrous the flying After
me and you except things all call and things, all respect things, all love to learned I've
People) (God's Pe Go
desire I but rational, pragmatic, be to like would I time the of Most
contumacious remain heart my of part that you for
ostentatious yet and virtuous, loyal, open, remains it that us, for desire And
water of colour the are eyes Your
over frozen completely is it but
vision your into way no is there and
first up you warm somehow I unless
do can't I something is that Alas,
go yourself let to willing you're unless
body my against body your press and
fire a make will sparks the that hopes in
ground the in lie bones our until So
me of inside fire a have will I
Andromeda like burning is it and
me for here aren't you because just
around come you if wonder, I but
more? much you for burn to want I will
Poems my written always have I
Scan, and Rhyme do that Verses In
write, can I discovered have I Now
Scan. with but ~ Rhyme no with Verse Blank
Mind, my into stream they Words
word-by-word, and line-by-line As
written, get they pad this Onto
slow. and fast ~ morn the in twenty four At
leg, left my in pain the Besides
me, awoke that hunger also it Was
taken have I milk of glasses Two
bed. my for ready am I now And
me? let YOU will LORD ~ sleep I will But,
YOU, acknowledge always shall I
body, my rest me let Please
anew. me sending are YOU words the delay And
pen, my rest I and milk of cup Another
soul, my rest to bed to Back
awaken, I when me to back it Give
ten. after morn the in Hopefully
late of days my all Seems
doubt in spent Are
done I what Regrettin’
out get to how Wonderin’
ago while a Y’see
mistake big a made I
dream a it’s wishing I’m Now
wake me let Lord, Please
done I thing awful This
gone was beau my while Was
him forget to started I
fun some myself had And
distraction hot this met I
hot getting’ started Things
head my cleared I Before
caught me got has man This
him with bed my made I So
how and right me rubbed He
home got beau my Until
now? him tell gonna I What
truth the beau my told I
fast and me dumped He
hottie the with stayed I So
last didn’t love the But
beau my missing was I
got things worse The
back him get to tried I
off me told he beau my But
late of days my all Seems
doubt in spent Are
done I what Regrettin’
out. get to how Wonderin’
mind, empty the fled has Muse The
gone. are words the stilled, has pen The
lacking sadly is Inspiration
in. settles cloud dark creative A
blind, writing of good the What's
foregone? are conclusions all When
lives their up give trees many How
within? from story the find To
now, elusive so not Ideas,
mind. writer's the within Flirt
snare, the set paper and pen With
skin. her wear and Muse the Trap
refined, and written story's The
pawn. creation's again Once
to her dared sister older Her
bug crawly armored the up pick
hand. tiny her in it hold and
complied. carefully girl small The
smile a into up turned frown Her
grew confidence her as glee of
glow the into face her changing
bride. elfin delighted a of
dew grassy the from slick and Wet
tight, up right rolled insect round the
new a foe, off fend to defense
land! fairy her for prince magic
two at tot toothed buck impish The
command. up taken bravely had
people wire, the of side Each
gawk. people the At
digesting! senseless Mutual
squawk. bored a Afar,
hand in hand goes smell Manure's
fear of air what With
crowd hooved the stops O'erpowers,
near. too getting From
sound? perceive to enjoy even I Do
melodia wheedling screams Scraggy
women village skeletal to Qualms
presented ruins in life scrawny New
birth giving woman village gaunt A
closed hospital civic only The
breadline the on bizarrely hamlet lowly My
water no for down Closed hospital Impecunious
honor to free creation a crude so Water
of hold get man wisdom Godly of work Free
hills prickly the of gradient the From
need cataclysmic in village My
cost to high-priced globule a village My
labor in woman maim unripe piteous A
born being is baby a gather, mid-wives The
stockpile problems more agenda, the on life A
womb the onto persevere to cudgel, to it Advice
experience own my fine, so there in ambiance The
orb the times hundred able-bodied, womb The
life green for callous awfully village, my in world A
born. being life a for dull-witted Unsympathetic,
angst in screams it Raucously
landing healthy a of indication An
hard working Father's village increased, Generation
boy village a myself poor, so hygiene Village
obese to weak and slim moreover malnutrition-ed, so Boy
be to corpulent and round quick how adore, I Obese
marrow the to am I slim'd Over wish, my not It's
miss a illusion, an fantasy, a dream, a vision a Food
water village the is stagnant drops, in Quenching
wild quench to green too water, earth collected Rain
latrine in believe don't illiterates dirt, sewage for Green
rostrum nucleus aver custom habitual, is excretion Bush
secrets. illiterate's exposing ground, the bath water Rain
ago bamboozled between boy awaken strict, so Culture
collection traditional at dirt green gathers Rain
representatives by ignored village in avenue, has Dirt
place high in links with wing the on man boorish A
fatigue migrating ancestor's since forgotten village My
problems my birthing inhabit ancestor made Enervating
sickness enticing drink a sun, hot the quench we usual As
village the to come has life new A
dumps the in down are men girl, a is Babe-in-arms
smile a wide so it of father The
dowry groomed well a of sign warning sure A
educate to expensive too is me like son A
enrich and marry to just is girl A
husband for is quench to and feed To
attested. expression fide bona aspiration, my not It's
clock the round harsh too vampire Bloodsucking
hospital no for cure no routine, a sickness Malaria
concoction cocktail herbalists to left Medicine
abdomen hungry on down gulp to anyone for bitter Too
melodia materializing harmony in prolong screams Scrawny
oodles ignorance change, for troubled boy village the I
twin is ignorance yet informed too representative The
education on boys village equal to empowered orb round Girls
dowry find to working belts, their tightening still Men Village
mutilation carry to knifes blunt sharpen still Mothers Grand
rustle animal and hunting for classroom leaving now Boys
dust in role bodies youthful as bullets with killing Police
representative the of attitude is, commander the Unapologetic
village? this in boy a be to abhor I do enough, long done and Over
spirits, carefree These
minds weak the on thrive
superstition, to prey falls Who
in. believe they
chaps, poor these Ah,
not, know they
saints, called so these That
blood, their suck will
task, to them take will And
screens, smoke creating by
miserable, life make will And
task, uphill return making
live, they time the till And
slaves, unpaid as serve will
blindly, them follow not Do
lights. no has which tunnel a Into
found newly freedom the live Long
ground, the left been has below Far
liberalization, of elixir the Drinking
sensations? human all forgotten we Have
had we motto live, others let and Live
used, often we prosperity Our
ordained as lucky so not For
gained. had we sacraments & culture By
wealth, for greed our is now Liberated
faith, the repose to left is one No
selflessness, like values moral In
mess. a in are we God, oh Really
liberalization for up wake time It's
traditions. our keep-up to grred From
professors also and teachers oh Beware
remember always to have must both You
constitution our of xx saction by That
nationalization. knowledge's made have We
Reserve bank in now it storing are We
deserve will you that dears you warn We
contempt orders' govt for penalty A
deposit. to 've you knowledge your days 3 In
godown knowledge metropolitan the In
affidavit an give will you it with And
action penal as death accept will you That
deviates. teaching your syllabi from If
imagery of sons artists of Beware
juries. of team a appoint we Here
balance new a in art your judge To
fence. it's as nationalization With
mind in bear artists, oh beware So
specialization, with pieces art Produce
nation. the of laws the insulting Not
find to have you pieces art for ideals The
commtt, power high of consent the With
people, specialized contain will Which
brutality of sons defamed be will Who
only. browbit a with you destroy can Who
aids beauty ample store peaches Oh
guard. can you charm your long a for Thus,
aids beauty by aided glamour oh Beware
period. short within them nationalizing are We
government the with be will then Monopoly
best. you for cream the decide will Officials
Banks State in then kept be will sticks Lip
mark. trade treasury's with found be will Talcs
aid beauty every for then apply to have You
bench. tiny with justices the to Straight
sanctioned be will cloths your of quota The
branch. beauty anti of recommendations On
feast, joyful'st our come is now So
jolly. be man every Let
drest, is leaves ivy with room Each
holly. with post every And
repine, mirth our at churls some Though
twine, garlands foreheads your Round
wine, of cup a in sorrow Drown
merry. be all us let And
smoke, chimneys neighbors' our all Now
burning; are blocks Christmas And
choke, bak'd-meats with they ovens Their
turning. are spits their all And
lie, sorrow let door the Without
die, to hap it cold for if And
pie, Christmas a in 't bury We'll
merry. be evermore And
trim, wondrous is lad every Now
labor; his minds man no And
them provided have lasses Our
tabor. a and bag-pipe A
boys and girls and maids and men Young
joys, another's one to life Give
noise their by shall anon you And
merry. are they that Perceive
shun, sparing do now misers Rank
soundeth, music of hall Their
run, shoulders whole with thence dogs And
aboundeth. there things all So
advance, themselves folk country The
France. of out come crowdy-mutton's For
dance, shall Jill and pipe shall Jack And
merry. be town the all And
pawn, from bands his fetch'd hath Swash Ned
apparel; best his all And
lawn of ruff a bought hath Nell Brisk
barrel; the of droppings With
year the all hardly that those And
wear, to rags or eat to bread Had
fare, dainty and clothes both have Will
merry. be day the all And
justices the to men poor Now
arrants, their make capons With
these of fail to hap they if And
warrants. their with them plague They
cheer, good with them feed they now But
beer, in take they want they what And
year, a once but comes Christmas For
merry. be shall they then And
nurse country the in farmers Good
undone. were else that poor, The
worse, money their spend landlords Some
London. at pride and lust On
play, do they roisters the There
away, land their dice and Drab
day; another ours be may Which
merry. be let's therefore And
forbears, suit his now client The
eased, is heart prisoner's The
cares, his away drinks debtor The
pleased. is time the for And
fat, more be purses others' Though
that? at grieve or pine we should Why
cat, a kill will care sorrow, Hang
merry. be let's therefore And
call do abroad wags the how Hark
rambling; to forth other Each
hall the in them see you'll Anon
scrambling. apples and nuts For
sound! laughters with roofs the how Hark
round, goes house the think they'll Anon
found, have depth cellar's the they For
merry. be will they there And
bowls wassail their with wenches The
singing, are streets the About
owls, the catch to come are boys The
bringing. is in mare wild The
box, his broke hath boy kitchen Our
ox the of dealing the to And
flocks, by come neighbors honest Our
merry. be will they here And
have, sheepcotes poor queens and kings Now
everybody; with mate And
knave, the play may now honest The
noddy. at play men wise And
go, a-mumming now will youths Some
rowlandhoe, at play others Some
moe, gameboys other twenty And
merry. be will they Because
days merry these in wherefore Then
duller? be pray, I we, Should
roundelays some sing us let No,
fuller. the mirth our make To
sing, we inspir'd thus whilst And,
ring, echoes with streets the all Let
everything, and hills and Woods
merry. are we witness Bear
articles. newspaper her for ledes better writing on work to had she that decided She
today. school after playground the on coin gold a found I
it. bought she after hours two pot the broke She
make. to decisions big of couple a have still We
improvements. real some made have we see I lessons, few last the at Looking
packets. sugar use to had she so tea, iced her for sugar liquid have didn't shop coffee The
life. her in before seen had she store antique any like not was store antique The
letters. cover writing of sick extremely was She
ankle. her twisted and tripped she course, golf the along Running
themselves. feed to ramen buying and diapers buying between decide to had They
details. specific gave and forgot she sometimes but mom, her with phone the on was she when possible as vague as be to tried She
outfits. all-black same the wear to likes gyms expensive to goes who Everyone
edges. the around yellow turning was cactus The
instead. worms the with plays and quickly bored gets he and fish to boy a Teach
truth. entire the telling not least at or lying she’s
excruciating. was It
suggestion latter this upon act to decide you Should
transactions future our facilitate to order In
thanks with gentlemen, remain, We
power our in assistance any you render to glad be shall We
believe to are we as Reluctant
telegram your of receipt on Promptly
you to send to pleased are we request, your with compliance In
debts out-standing collect to inability our to Owing
promptly this answer will you Believing
instance present the in you serve to inability our Regretting
times all at service your at are We
attention immediate your matter this give will you that trust We
opportunity the for you thank me Let
you. to writing of liberty the take We
proposition your to regard In
unable are you why reason valid any is there If
application your to reference In
favor esteemed your to Referring
you from response no received have we As
impossible it found have We
inquiry recent your Answering
consider you that suggest We
confidence your of continuance a for ask We
unable are you why reason valid any is there If
reached be can understanding an that hope We
