Barrels tears are wines and salts.
With a whisk on goody tails!
Wiggle maces to fix the heads.
Heads in jack on boxes are ceased.
Cry to paranoid truly bosses.
Bosses are jokers take your boys.
Studs are bogs with fire apples.
True predicates worth cases.’
Descents wash in badly bands.
Wholly sales are smart with cats.
Who got tenth honors in China?
Homage grand to play and plays!
Trim the times of hearts then cry.
Tanks in steels but voice wail.
Bossy dragged by tails that whisked.
Go very timid and love the wise.
Hands are lent but laws are ends.
Cases on courts are borrowed lands.
Length long with treads to retch!
Straps on times and watch here.
Arrays tanks but all are men.
Cross all suctions steal the ends.
Cave on minds are cages on objects.
Rouser rockets powers holes.
Confine curses to stop our wounds.
Whirl your bodies and jump on grounds.
Crouch of soldiers after kicks with flings.
Block one leg and hit the middle.
Cauchy3 know the tricks to kill.
Threaten weak oppressed ill.
Surpass scores are bad in honors.
Wash to think that build the homes.
Angel sins but cauchy3 has funs.
Make ones tools when hats are found.
Worlds are drawers on bottom noses.
Singular ugly piece is rose.
Wily mores are teeth of sharks.
Saw with tooth is laws in arts.
Artful men power with grids.
Bodies stamped and wills are ridden.
Sign in forth with battles conquered.
Triumphs on candles whip the stands.
Soups are soaps and faiths not come.
We are meats in balls and rice to constants.
Apparently life without love, is no life at all.
Become an advocate of true love.
Control your innermost emotions.
Decide your worth, fulfill your desires.
Mix with means and assets
Passive and active to abase the men
Heels and knees rent for renown
Breeds the breads to be demanded
Assert to assist by blocks of boards
Necks and necks to bad affairs
Moneys pay for debts in doubles
Laws are raw to protect with doubts
Shams are shames to have costs
Shams on sheets incubated courses
Lack of actions to freedoms and justices
Nouns are in ounces and loves are in pounds
Control the concepts of wielding guns
Control the concepts of smith for guns
Put the concepts of tyrants on hell
To hell real tyrants have helps
Hounds and eagles should focus on hunting
Expect the evils to be saints on junctions
Axes and awls are lying below
Awnings are answers with piss and pee
Peek on peaks of powers to be laws
Whales on whips are wheat to sharks
Weeps when sweep in clocks of Gods
Corrections of cotillions like hoofs
Zeroes in zeal for facts and morals
Morales are guns that march and move
Laws are lost and twist a lot
Terms in targets have not effects in long
Stay in dark or run from dart.
Stray to cycles of cruel ranges
Laws as can be rights are none
Table lands are tables with spoons
Monks have manners to list on tables
Jack apples are appetites on tabs
Whales on whips are wheat to sharks
Baby fishes are preys in bays
To be back in the passes to wash by bloods
In themes of theory our rights are loud
Next days are dated with truths or false
Flaws in angles of angels are small
Wings when wink to rains give no shelters
Bloods are buses to carry to hell
Wash their shames but leave our rights
A network of flatterers is in wires
Jack of crack in pots of crack
Sambas have bugs on figs that take
My heart has unseen bugs in acting
Ghosts haunt in cavern with heal
Empty stream in holes to steal
Barrow has one wheel for near
Wheel and deal are those on top
Tares are on suits but meadows are women
Dilate the prizes of prides on top
We are all cogs to tone
Harps be fine and fingers be good
Jacks play with their fingers on goods
The sun on Asia sky may be red
Give the logistics are logics to pets
Patterns of Gods are king s bodies.
Launch the papers on lunches to bowls
That faces of poets help to smiles
Admire the distances from hade to a mile
Pleasures of leaders are earned by rows
Would there be sweats on brows when bow
Pietisms on parts are wholesome in vices.
Wise in acre but bully to eyes
Rusts are here yellows are pearls
Dittos on powers but flaw to react
Crooks roll your minds with hopes
Cogs in times lead us homes
Straps on times watch ones feet
Even are evil while equal are eerie
Only our planet with one sun
Falcons are slow down on bushes
Salty weathers salute to soldiers
Sambas of fortunes have just to sold
Passes on stages are passages to fires
Books on accounts are moneys to fine
Sambas of fortunes have just to sold
Sambas of fortunes have just to sold
Vectors pf suns are heats and flames
Bind to lines on sky when claimed
Plash and slash on lakes when free.
Brazil should breach on tank s wheels
Stand off and away from tanks
Red suns have white heats
Friends for wines and for wench
Stand away from tanks ends
Aliens are extraterrestrials along with giants and greys;
But their matters are kept in secrecy for wants of truths!
Centuries old maters we know from the relics left by them;
Details about their mysteries are yet to be known by all!
Extraterrestrials are the Gods we all worship in various names;
Facts about their valours are legendary stories and mythologies
Great and incredible, yet, they are all thought provoking as to
How have they made so much advanced feats before modernity!
Iconic Gods, we worship, have been travelling all over the Space
Jumping from one Star to another one with Earth as junction....
Keeping abreast of knowledge by gathering ideas from everywhere
Leaving their marks as pyramids, strange objects, etc. as identities!
Marks left behind them reveal their powers, greatness and so on
Nobody can deny and might have triggered mankind to develop;
Outer Space adventures by Science &Technology man is progressing
Part by part and yet, we are matchless before their past achievements!
Quite very, very late we are heading on towards their advancements;
Rather it is an herculean adventure to catch their civilization by science!
Sure, we are the images of them adapted in natural evolution to divinity
That we are trying to achieve by spirituality becoming supermen soon!
Universe is the vast field of exploration to find answers for our questions;
Vertically and horizontally all explorations and experiments will help much
Widening our scope to learn more and know more techniques to advance...!
X men and their extraordinary powers got from extraterrestrials will help sure
Years of experiments and inferences we have made and are making to know all
Zealous facts, figures and fictions to be extraterrestrials one day to fathom Space!
How lonely is the night, without a companion
She shares her life with the day, now asleep
Yet whilst she sleeps, he opens half a world
And during her vigil has been unable to peep,
Covered with a blanket, and a different opinion.
With the first sign of day you hear welcome calls
And all forms of life burst forth with joyous sound
That night has done her best to see unfurled.
So some politics would claim the same around
That only day should grace their hallowed walls.
I wonder how long they would last without a night
And the pleasure that a short hibernation creates;
Lying in bed asleep sharing your time as mates
A comfortable partner, sharing beliefs and rights?
The burden of hard hitting. Slug away
Like Honus Wagner or like Tyrus Cobb.
Else fandom shouteth: "Who said you could play?
Back to the jasper league, you minor slob!"
Swat, hit, connect, line out, goet on the job.
Else you shall feel the brunt of fandom's ire
Biff, bang it, clout it, hit it on the knob -
This is the end of every fan's desire.
The burden of good pitching. Curved or straight.
Or in or out, or haply up or down,
To puzzle him that standeth by the plate,
To lessen, so to speak, his bat-renown:
Like Christy Mathewson or Miner Brown,
So pitch that every man can but admire
And offer you the freedom of the town -
This is the end of every fan's desire.
The burden of loud cheering. O the sounds!
The tumult and the shouting from the throats
Of forty thousand at the Polo Grounds
Sitting, ay, standing sans their hats and coats.
A mighty cheer that possibly denotes
That Cub or Pirate fat is in the fire;
Or, as H. James would say, We've got their goats -
This is the end of every fan's desire.
The burden of a pennant. O the hope,
The tenuous hope, the hope that's half a fear,
The lengthy season and the boundless dope,
And the bromidic, "Wait until next year."
O dread disgrace of trailing in the rear,
O Piece of Bunting, flying high and higher
That next October it shall flutter here:
This is the end of every fan's desire.
Ah, Fans, let not the Quarry but the Chase
Be that to which most fondly we aspire!
For us not Stake, but Game; not Goal, but Race -
THIS is the end of every fan's desire.
The burden of fair women. Vain delight,
And love self-slain in some sweet shameful way,
And sorrowful old age that comes by night
As a thief comes that has no heart by day,
And change that finds fair cheeks and leaves them grey,
And weariness that keeps awake for hire,
And grief that says what pleasure used to say;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of bought kisses. This is sore,
A burden without fruit in childbearing;
Between the nightfall and the dawn threescore,
Threescore between the dawn and evening.
The shuddering in thy lips, the shuddering
In thy sad eyelids tremulous like fire,
Makes love seem shameful and a wretched thing.
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of sweet speeches. Nay, kneel down,
Cover thy head, and weep; for verily
These market-men that buy thy white and brown
In the last days shall take no thought for thee.
In the last days like earth thy face shall be,
Yea, like sea-marsh made thick with brine and mire,
Sad with sick leavings of the sterile sea.
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of long living. Thou shalt fear
Waking, and sleeping mourn upon thy bed;
And say at night "Would God the day were here,"
And say at dawn "Would God the day were dead."
With weary days thou shalt be clothed and fed,
And wear remorse of heart for thine attire,
Pain for thy girdle and sorrow upon thine head;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of bright colours. Thou shalt see
Gold tarnished, and the grey above the green;
And as the thing thou seest thy face shall be,
And no more as the thing beforetime seen.
And thou shalt say of mercy "It hath been,"
And living, watch the old lips and loves expire,
And talking, tears shall take thy breath between;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of sad sayings. In that day
Thou shalt tell all thy days and hours, and tell
Thy times and ways and words of love, and say
How one was dear and one desirable,
And sweet was life to hear and sweet to smell,
But now with lights reverse the old hours retire
And the last hour is shod with fire from hell;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of four seasons. Rain in spring,
White rain and wind among the tender trees;
A summer of green sorrows gathering,
Rank autumn in a mist of miseries,
With sad face set towards the year, that sees
The charred ash drop out of the dropping pyre,
And winter wan with many maladies;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of dead faces. Out of sight
And out of love, beyond the reach of hands,
Changed in the changing of the dark and light,
They walk and weep about the barren lands
Where no seed is nor any garner stands,
Where in short breaths the doubtful days respire,
And time's turned glass lets through the sighing sands;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of much gladness. Life and lust
Forsake thee, and the face of thy delight;
And underfoot the heavy hour strews dust,
And overhead strange weathers burn and bite;
And where the red was, lo the bloodless white,
And where the truth was, the likeness of a liar,
And where the day was, the likeness of the night;
This is the end of every man's desire.
Princes, and ye whom pleasure quickeneth,
Heed well this rhyme before your pleasure tire;
For life is sweet, but after life is death.
This is the end of every man's desire.
Your enemy’s friend is your enemy.
I am nobody.
What a pity that youth must be wasted on the young.
Wise fool
Truth is honey, which is bitter.
I can resist anything but temptation.
All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.
I must be cruel to be kind.
The earth that’s nature’s mother is her tomb; What is her burying grave, that is Rainbow in her womb…
The child is father of the man…
Save money by spending it.
If I know one thing, it's that I know nothing.
This is the beginning of the end.
Deep down, you're really shallow.
I'm a compulsive liar.
Men work together whether they work together or apart.
What a pity that youth must be wasted on the young.
I can resist anything but temptation.
A rich man is no richer than a beggar.
I'm a liar. How do you know if I'm telling the truth?
Don't go near the water until you've learned to swim.
If a person says about himself that he always lies, is that the truth or a lie??? 
The man who wrote such a stupid sentence cannot write at all.
Nobody goes to that restaurant, it's too crowded. 
Dark knows daylight. 
Extreme rationalism, by 'seeing through' all 'rational' motives, leaves us creatures of wholly irrational behavior. 
Freedom is not doing what you want, freedom is wanting to do what you have to do ... this kind of freedom is always rooted in practiced habit. 
To believe with certainty we must begin with doubting. 
Each new power won by man (over nature) is a power over man as well. Each advance leaves him weaker as well as stronger. 
The final rule you need to remember is to ignore all rules.
The second sentence is false. The first sentence is true.
All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.
Nobody goes to Murphy’s Bar anymore — it’s too crowded.
A time traveler goes back in time and murders his own great-grandfather.
I close my eyes so I can see.
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.
It’s weird not to be weird.
Life is a preparation for the future; and the best preparation for the future is to live as if there were none.
My only love sprung from my only hate!
To be natural is such a very difficult pose to keep up.
I can resist everything except temptation.
If down here I chance to die,
Solemnly I beg you take
All that is left of "I"
To the Hills for old sake's sake,
Pack me very thoroughly
In the ice that used to slake
Pegs I drank when I was dry --
This observe for old sake's sake.
To the railway station hie,
There a single ticket take
For Umballa -- goods-train -- I
Shall not mind delay or shake.
I shall rest contentedly
Spite of clamor coolies make;
Thus in state and dignity
Send me up for old sake's sake.
Next the sleepy Babu wake,
Book a Kalka van "for four."
Few, I think, will care to make
Journeys with me any more
As they used to do of yore.
I shall need a "special" break --
Thing I never took before --
Get me one for old sake's sake.
After that -- arrangements make.
No hotel will take me in,
And a bullock's back would break
'Neath the teak and leaden skin
Tonga ropes are frail and thin,
Or, did I a back-seat take,
In a tonga I might spin, --
Do your best for old sake's sake.
After that -- your work is done.
Recollect a Padre must
Mourn the dear departed one --
Throw the ashes and the dust.
Don't go down at once. I trust
You will find excuse to "snake
Three days' casual on the bust."
Get your fun for old sake's sake.
I could never stand the Plains.
Think of blazing June and May
Think of those September rains
Yearly till the Judgment Day!
I should never rest in peace,
I should sweat and lie awake.
Rail me then, on my decease,
To the Hills for old sake's sake.
Kneel down, fair Love, and fill thyself with tears,
Girdle thyself with sighing for a girth
Upon the sides of mirth,
Cover thy lips and eyelids, let thine ears
Be filled with rumour of people sorrowing;
Make thee soft raiment out of woven sighs
Upon the flesh to cleave,
Set pains therein and many a grievous thing,
And many sorrows after each his wise
For armlet and for gorget and for sleeve.
O Love's lute heard about the lands of death,
Left hanged upon the trees that were therein;
O Love and Time and Sin,
Three singing mouths that mourn now underbreath,
Three lovers, each one evil spoken of;
O smitten lips wherethrough this voice of mine
Came softer with her praise;
Abide a little for our lady's love.
The kisses of her mouth were more than wine,
And more than peace the passage of her days.
O Love, thou knowest if she were good to see.
O Time, thou shalt not find in any land
Till, cast out of thine hand,
The sunlight and the moonlight fail from thee,
Another woman fashioned like as this.
O Sin, thou knowest that all thy shame in her
Was made a goodly thing;
Yea, she caught Shame and shamed him with her kiss,
With her fair kiss, and lips much lovelier
Than lips of amorous roses in late spring.
By night there stood over against my bed
Queen Venus with a hood striped gold and black,
Both sides drawn fully back
From brows wherein the sad blood failed of red,
And temples drained of purple and full of death.
Her curled hair had the wave of sea-water
And the sea's gold in it.
Her eyes were as a dove's that sickeneth.
Strewn dust of gold she had shed over her,
And pearl and purple and amber on her feet.
Upon her raiment of dyed sendaline
Were painted all the secret ways of love
And covered things thereof,
That hold delight as grape-flowers hold their wine;
Red mouths of maidens and red feet of doves,
And brides that kept within the bride-chamber
Their garment of soft shame,
And weeping faces of the wearied loves
That swoon in sleep and awake wearier,
With heat of lips and hair shed out like flame.
The tears that through her eyelids fell on me
Made mine own bitter where they ran between
As blood had fallen therein,
She saying; Arise, lift up thine eyes and see
If any glad thing be or any good
Now the best thing is taken forth of us;
Even she to whom all praise
Was as one flower in a great multitude,
One glorious flower of many and glorious,
One day found gracious among many days:
Even she whose handmaiden was Love--to whom
At kissing times across her stateliest bed
Kings bowed themselves and shed
Pale wine, and honey with the honeycomb,
And spikenard bruised for a burnt-offering;
Even she between whose lips the kiss became
As fire and frankincense;
Whose hair was as gold raiment on a king,
Whose eyes were as the morning purged with flame,
Whose eyelids as sweet savour issuing thence.
Then I beheld, and lo on the other side
My lady's likeness crowned and robed and dead.
Sweet still, but now not red,
Was the shut mouth whereby men lived and died.
And sweet, but emptied of the blood's blue shade,
The great curled eyelids that withheld her eyes.
And sweet, but like spoilt gold,
The weight of colour in her tresses weighed.
And sweet, but as a vesture with new dyes,
The body that was clothed with love of old.
Ah! that my tears filled all her woven hair
And all the hollow bosom of her gown--
Ah! that my tears ran down
Even to the place where many kisses were,
Even where her parted breast-flowers have place,
Even where they are cloven apart--who knows not this?
Ah! the flowers cleave apart
And their sweet fills the tender interspace;
Ah! the leaves grown thereof were things to kiss
Ere their fine gold was tarnished at the heart.
Ah! in the days when God did good to me,
Each part about her was a righteous thing;
Her mouth an almsgiving,
The glory of her garments charity,
The beauty of her bosom a good deed,
In the good days when God kept sight of us;
Love lay upon her eyes,
And on that hair whereof the world takes heed;
And all her body was more virtuous
Than souls of women fashioned otherwise.
Now, ballad, gather poppies in thine hands
And sheaves of brier and many rusted sheaves
Rain-rotten in rank lands,
Waste marigold and late unhappy leaves
And grass that fades ere any of it be mown;
And when thy bosom is filled full thereof
Seek out Death's face ere the light altereth,
And say "My master that was thrall to Love
Is become thrall to Death."
Bow down before him, ballad, sigh and groan.
But make no sojourn in thy outgoing;
For haply it may be
That when thy feet return at evening
Death shall come in with thee.
I hid my heart in a nest of roses,
Out of the sun's way, hidden apart;
In a softer bed than the soft white snow's is,
Under the roses I hid my heart.
Why would it sleep not? why should it start,
When never a leaf of the rose-tree stirred?
What made sleep flutter his wings and part?
Only the song of a secret bird.
Lie still, I said, for the wind's wing closes,
And mild leaves muffle the keen sun's dart;
Lie still, for the wind on the warm seas dozes,
And the wind is unquieter yet than thou art.
Does a thought in thee still as a thorn's wound smart?
Does the fang still fret thee of hope deferred?
What bids the lips of thy sleep dispart?
Only the song of a secret bird.
The green land's name that a charm encloses,
It never was writ in the traveller's chart,
And sweet on its trees as the fruit that grows is,
It never was sold in the merchant's mart.
The swallows of dreams through its dim fields dart,
And sleep's are the tunes in its tree-tops heard;
No hound's note wakens the wildwood hart,
Only the song of a secret bird.
In the world of dreams I have chosen my part,
To sleep for a season and hear no word
Of true love's truth or of light love's art,
Only the song of a secret bird.
They spoke of Progress spiring round,
Of light and Mrs Humphrey Ward-
It is not true to say I frowned,
Or ran about the room and roared;
I might have simply sat and snored-
I rose politely in the club
And said, `I feel a little bored;
Will someone take me to a pub?'
The new world's wisest did surround
Me; and it pains me to record
I did not think their views profound,
Or their conclusions well assured;
The simple life I can't afford,
Besides, I do not like the grub-
I want a mash and sausage, `scored'-
Will someone take me to a pub?
I know where Men can still be found,
Anger and clamorous accord,
And virtues growing from the ground,
And fellowship of beer and board,
And song, that is a sturdy cord,
And hope, that is a hardy shrub,
And goodness, that is God's last word-
Will someone take me to a pub?
Prince, Bayard would have smashed his sword
To see the sort of knights you dub-
Is that the last of them-O Lord
Will someone take me to a pub?
LET others prate of Greece and Rome,
And towns where they may never be,
The muse should wander nearer home.
My country is enough for me;
Her wooded hills that watch the sea,
Her inland miles of springing corn,
At Macedon or Barrakee—
I love the land where I was born.
On Juliet smile the autumn stars
And windswept plains by Winchelsea,
In summer on their sandy bars
Her rivers loiter languidly.
Where singing waters fall and flee
The gullied ranges dip to Lorne
With musk and gum and myrtle tree—
I love the land where I was born.
The wild things in her tangles move
As blithe as fauns in Sicily,
Where Melbourne rises roof by roof
The tall ships serve her at the quay,
And hers the yoke of liberty
On stalwart shoulders lightly worn,
Where thought and speech and prayer are free—
I love the land where I was born.
Princes and lords of high degree,
Smile, and we fling you scorn for scorn,
In hope and faith and memory
I love the land where I was born.
Tethered  to Life by Virtue
To go back to the beginning  seems similar to piecing together
the phylogeny of our speciation
Then even more enlightened knowing that we met juxtaposed another  predestined quest, desegregation
But the collage begins to appear  as it did before from the vat of life's
Large gratuitous phylactery
And still as euphoric and soothing,  and like the craft of Faberge', still
somewhat of a romantic mystery
I was glad to hear that the other day, you were  pushed by a heart empathetic
And compassionate as well as zealous
And I realized I still had part of it, which ranged from botanical
To political to religious
When I think back to the days of swings  at Alice Keith, sitting by the waters at
Sabine Pass, it can seem facetious
But watching the stars in their serious but frolicsome nature, I realize it  wasn't really at all that capricious
Even now when I close my eyes, I can  hear the ballads you sang from 'Silent Night'   to the many whys of martyrdom
And realize that those whys are answered
With a most efficacious persistence
Which is why I call you an Otradom
I hear the guttural hymns of the winds  after having benevolently fostered  the sun back into the morning skies
Birds sing out the order of ascent,
Canines beckon their neighbors,
Kids sit abreast; one laughs, one cries
At the beginning of the season, you fashioned my heart, the greatest gift of the virtuous knight
And by the end of the summer, those  wounds had formed a crest, and created  a greater sight
The day I heard that the throes of life was a simple appendix, I rejoiced with  hallelujah
And after touring with Motley Crew,
Luther Vandrose and the Guys only  widened my panorama
There are really 'no good guys or bad guys'
as the song so eloquently says
I only wished I had written this years ago,  and wished you happier days
Like the prayer Otradom PeloGo,  the love you shared helped me through the days  my mind was in a martial disposition
And I now realize that its only  more venerated with judicial  interposition
It wasn't until the time we spent  in San Diego, that I realized
that my heart was not only wanton but  obstinate
And that when the other half was joined to it, it became complete as well as  immaculate
As we sailed the waters to Sapporo,  and danced with the children from igloo  to ice castle
The fact that I'm glad that half of my hearts is still in Misawa is regaling  as well as veritable
Its sometimes takes more than words to express the love between me and you
Therefore it's the last wish on the list,  one that means the constituents are
not only coupled with love, but also  tethered with virtue
Even after the semester ends, traveling  around the world seems to only extend  the trek, not allay
Then is embraced with affection while playing scrabble with Joe and Alta Mae
Then walking through an extravaganza  of memories books toys and clothes, so  fastidiously keen
While sorting out the favorite pictures of
Charles, Jay and Arlene
While sitting with Joshua, Solomon,  and Desiree, I realized life can  be so enigmatic as well as  eleemosynary
So I only advise applying  prudence as well as virtue when deciding
which hand delivered the one called Billy
The advise I've gotten from friends and family has only made me wise  as I brood and roam
And although there is only one place  we can call ours, there are a million we can call home
There are times I wonder how things will turn  out, how we're going to make it
Then there are times that I can easily
overcome when just  thinking about
walking through the Big Thicket
Even now I feel that because we can  overcome the past makes life as simple  as walking on black ice
And although it my never be perfect,
It's the effort, which I've seen, which  makes it a worthy price
As we ran like children from the Aqua
Festival, Lake Travis, and even to  the top of the Austin dam
Only to become more exhilarated as we  raced through the streets of Korea  as guests of  Uncle Sam
I still set things on fire, and promise to keep such an expensive point of view
And after the fourteen years of going  through it all, I still promise to keep such an expensive I love you
After flying the ferrous wings of wisdom   from here to the heart of the Oakland  and San Francisco Bay
I've learned to love all things, respect all things,  and call all things except you and me
Go Pe (God's People)
Most of the time I would like to be  pragmatic, rational, but I desire
for you that part of  my heart remain  contumacious
And desire for us, that it remains open,   loyal, virtuous, and yet ostentatious
Your eyes are the colour of water
but it is completely frozen over
and there is no way into your vision
unless I somehow warm you up first
Alas, that is something I can't do
unless you're willing to let yourself go
and press your body against my body
in hopes that the sparks will make a fire
So until our bones lie in the ground
I will have a fire inside of me
and it is burning like Andromeda
just because you aren't here for me
but I wonder, if you come around
will I want to burn for you much more?
I have always written my Poems
In Verses that do Rhyme and Scan,
Now I have discovered I can write,
Blank Verse with no Rhyme ~ but with Scan.
Words they stream into my Mind,
As line-by-line and word-by-word,
Onto this pad they get written,
At four twenty in the morn ~ fast and slow.
Besides the pain in my left leg,
Was it also hunger that awoke me,
Two glasses of milk I have taken
And now I am ready for my bed.
But, will I sleep ~ LORD will YOU let me?
I shall always acknowledge YOU,
Please let me rest my body,
And delay the words YOU are sending me anew.
Another cup of milk and I rest my pen,
Back to bed to rest my soul,
Give it back to me when I awaken,
Hopefully in the morn after ten.
Seems all my days of late
Are spent in doubt
Regrettin’ what I done
Wonderin’ how to get out
Y’see a while ago
I made a big mistake
Now I’m wishing it’s a dream
Please Lord, let me wake
This awful thing I done
Was while my beau was gone
I started to forget him
And had myself some fun
I met this hot distraction
Things started getting’ hot
Before I cleared my head
This man has got me caught
So I made my bed with him
He rubbed me right and how
Until my beau got home
What I gonna tell him now?
I told my beau the truth
He dumped me and fast
So I stayed with the hottie
But the love didn’t last
I was missing my beau
The worse things got
I tried to get him back
But my beau he told me off
Seems all my days of late
Are spent in doubt
Regrettin’ what I done
Wonderin’ how to get out.
The Muse has fled the empty mind,
The pen has stilled, the words are gone.
Inspiration is sadly lacking
A creative dark cloud settles in.
What's the good of writing blind,
When all conclusions are foregone?
How many trees give up their lives
To find the story from within?
Ideas, not so elusive now,
Flirt within the writer's mind.
With pen and paper set the snare,
Trap the Muse and wear her skin.
The story's written and refined,
Once again creation's pawn.
Her older sister dared her to
pick up the armored crawly bug
and hold it in her tiny hand.
The small girl carefully complied.
Her frown turned up into a smile
of glee as her confidence grew
changing her face into the glow
of a delighted elfin bride.
Wet and slick from the grassy dew
the round insect rolled right up tight,
defense to fend off foe, a new
magic prince for her fairy land!
The impish buck toothed tot at two
had bravely taken up command.
Each side of the wire, people
At the people gawk.
Mutual senseless digesting!
Afar, a bored squawk.
Manure's smell goes hand in hand
With what air of fear
O'erpowers, stops the hooved crowd
From getting too near.
Do I even enjoy to perceive sound?
Scraggy screams wheedling melodia
Qualms to skeletal village women
New scrawny life in ruins presented
A gaunt village woman giving birth
The only civic hospital closed
My lowly hamlet bizarrely on the breadline
Impecunious hospital Closed down for no water
Water so crude a creation free to honor
Free work of Godly wisdom man get hold of
From the gradient of the prickly hills
My village in cataclysmic need
My village a globule high-priced to cost
A piteous unripe maim woman in labor
The mid-wives gather, a baby is being born
A life on the agenda, more problems stockpile
Advice it to cudgel, to persevere onto the womb
The ambiance in there so fine, my own experience
The womb able-bodied, hundred times the orb
A world in my village, awfully callous for green life
Unsympathetic, dull-witted for a life being born.
Raucously it screams in angst
An indication of a healthy landing
Generation increased, village Father's working hard
Village hygiene so poor, myself a village boy
Boy so malnutrition-ed, moreover slim and weak to obese
Obese I adore, how quick round and corpulent to be
It's not my wish, Over slim'd I am to the marrow
Food a vision a dream, a fantasy, an illusion, a miss
Quenching in drops, stagnant is the village water
Rain collected earth water, too green to quench wild
Green for sewage dirt, illiterates don't believe in latrine
Bush excretion is habitual, custom aver nucleus rostrum
Rain water bath the ground, exposing illiterate's secrets.
Culture so strict, awaken boy between bamboozled ago
Rain gathers green dirt at traditional collection
Dirt has avenue, in village ignored by representatives
A boorish man on the wing with links in high place
My village forgotten since ancestor's migrating fatigue
Enervating made ancestor inhabit birthing my problems
As usual we quench the hot sun, a drink enticing sickness
A new life has come to the village
Babe-in-arms is a girl, men are down in the dumps
The father of it so wide a smile
A sure warning sign of a well groomed dowry
A son like me is too expensive to educate
A girl is just to marry and enrich
To feed and to quench is for husband
It's not my aspiration, bona fide expression attested.
Bloodsucking vampire too harsh round the clock
Malaria sickness a routine, no cure for no hospital
Medicine left to herbalists cocktail concoction
Too bitter for anyone to gulp down on hungry abdomen
Scrawny screams prolong in harmony materializing melodia
I the village boy troubled for change, ignorance oodles
The representative too informed yet ignorance is twin
Girls round orb empowered to equal village boys on education
Village Men still tightening their belts, working to find dowry
Grand Mothers still sharpen blunt knifes to carry mutilation
Boys now leaving classroom for hunting and animal rustle
Police killing with bullets as youthful bodies role in dust
Unapologetic the commander is, attitude of the representative
Over and done long enough, do I abhor to be a boy in this village?
These carefree spirits,
thrive on the weak minds
Who falls prey to superstition,
they believe in.
Ah, these poor chaps,
they know not,
That these so called saints,
will suck their blood,
And will take them to task,
by creating smoke screens,
And will make life miserable,
making return uphill task,
And till the time they live,
will serve as unpaid slaves,
Do not follow them blindly,
Into a tunnel which has no lights.
Long live the freedom newly found
Far below has been left the ground,
Drinking the elixir of liberalization,
Have we forgotten all human sensations?
Live and let others live, motto we had
Our prosperity we often used,
For not so lucky as ordained
By culture & sacraments we had gained.
Liberated now is our greed for wealth,
No one is left to repose the faith,
In moral values like selflessness,
Really oh God, we are in a mess.
It's time wake up for liberalization
From grred to keep-up our traditions.
Beware oh teachers and also professors
You both must have to always remember
That by saction xx of our constitution
We have made knowledge's nationalization.
We are storing it now in bank Reserve
We warn you dears that you will deserve
A penalty for govt orders' contempt
In 3 days your knowledge you 've to deposit.
In the metropolitan knowledge godown
And with it you will give an affidavit
That you will accept death as penal action
If from syllabi your teaching deviates.
Beware of artists sons of imagery
Here we appoint a team of juries.
To judge your art in a new balance
With nationalization as it's fence.
So beware oh artists, bear in mind
Produce art pieces with specialization,
Not insulting the laws of the nation.
The ideals for art pieces you have to find
With the consent of high power commtt,
Which will contain specialized people,
Who will be defamed sons of brutality
Who can destroy you with a browbit only.
Oh peaches store ample beauty aids
Thus, for a long your charm you can guard.
Beware oh glamour aided by beauty aids
We are nationalizing them within short period.
Monopoly then will be with the government
Officials will decide the cream for you best.
Lip sticks will be kept then in State Banks
Talcs will be found with treasury's trade mark.
You have to apply then for every beauty aid
Straight to the justices with tiny bench.
The quota of your cloths will be sanctioned
On recommendations of anti beauty branch.
So now is come our joyful'st feast,
Let every man be jolly.
Each room with ivy leaves is drest,
And every post with holly.
Though some churls at our mirth repine,
Round your foreheads garlands twine,
Drown sorrow in a cup of wine,
And let us all be merry.
Now all our neighbors' chimneys smoke,
And Christmas blocks are burning;
Their ovens they with bak'd-meats choke,
And all their spits are turning.
Without the door let sorrow lie,
And if for cold it hap to die,
We'll bury 't in a Christmas pie,
And evermore be merry.
Now every lad is wondrous trim,
And no man minds his labor;
Our lasses have provided them
A bag-pipe and a tabor.
Young men and maids and girls and boys
Give life to one another's joys,
And you anon shall by their noise
Perceive that they are merry.
Rank misers now do sparing shun,
Their hall of music soundeth,
And dogs thence with whole shoulders run,
So all things there aboundeth.
The country folk themselves advance,
For crowdy-mutton's come out of France.
And Jack shall pipe and Jill shall dance,
And all the town be merry.
Ned Swash hath fetch'd his bands from pawn,
And all his best apparel;
Brisk Nell hath bought a ruff of lawn
With droppings of the barrel;
And those that hardly all the year
Had bread to eat or rags to wear,
Will have both clothes and dainty fare,
And all the day be merry.
Now poor men to the justices
With capons make their arrants,
And if they hap to fail of these
They plague them with their warrants.
But now they feed them with good cheer,
And what they want they take in beer,
For Christmas comes but once a year,
And then they shall be merry.
Good farmers in the country nurse
The poor, that else were undone.
Some landlords spend their money worse,
On lust and pride at London.
There the roisters they do play,
Drab and dice their land away,
Which may be ours another day;
And therefore let's be merry.
The client now his suit forbears,
The prisoner's heart is eased,
The debtor drinks away his cares,
And for the time is pleased.
Though others' purses be more fat,
Why should we pine or grieve at that?
Hang sorrow, care will kill a cat,
And therefore let's be merry.
Hark how the wags abroad do call
Each other forth to rambling;
Anon you'll see them in the hall
For nuts and apples scrambling.
Hark how the roofs with laughters sound!
Anon they'll think the house goes round,
For they the cellar's depth have found,
And there they will be merry.
The wenches with their wassail bowls
About the streets are singing,
The boys are come to catch the owls,
The wild mare in is bringing.
Our kitchen boy hath broke his box,
And to the dealing of the ox
Our honest neighbors come by flocks,
And here they will be merry.
Now kings and queens poor sheepcotes have,
And mate with everybody;
The honest now may play the knave,
And wise men play at noddy.
Some youths will now a-mumming go,
Some others play at rowlandhoe,
And twenty other gameboys moe,
Because they will be merry.
Then wherefore in these merry days
Should we, I pray, be duller?
No, let us sing some roundelays
To make our mirth the fuller.
And, whilst thus inspir'd we sing,
Let all the streets with echoes ring,
Woods and hills and everything,
Bear witness we are merry.
She decided that she had to work on writing better ledes for her newspaper articles.
I found a gold coin on the playground after school today.
She broke the pot two hours after she bought it.
We still have a couple of big decisions to make.
Looking at the last few lessons, I see we have made some real improvements.
The coffee shop didn't have liquid sugar for her iced tea, so she had to use sugar packets.
The antique store was not like any antique store she had seen before in her life.
She was extremely sick of writing cover letters.
Running along the golf course, she tripped and twisted her ankle.
They had to decide between buying diapers and buying ramen to feed themselves.
She tried to be as vague as possible when she was on the phone with her mom, but sometimes she forgot and gave specific details.
Everyone who goes to expensive gyms likes to wear the same all-black outfits.
The cactus was turning yellow around the edges.
Teach a boy to fish and he gets bored quickly and plays with the worms instead.
she’s lying or at least not telling the entire truth.
It was excruciating.
Should you decide to act upon this latter suggestion
In order to facilitate our future transactions
We remain, gentlemen, with thanks
We shall be glad to render you any assistance in our power
Reluctant as we are to believe
Promptly on receipt of your telegram
In compliance with your request, we are pleased to send to you
Owing to our inability to collect out-standing debts
Believing you will answer this promptly
Regretting our inability to serve you in the present instance
We are at your service at all times
We trust that you will give this matter your immediate attention
Let me thank you for the opportunity
We take the liberty of writing to you.
In regard to your proposition
If there is any valid reason why you are unable
In reference to your application
Referring to your esteemed favor
As we have received no response from you
We have found it impossible
Answering your recent inquiry
We suggest that you consider
We ask for a continuance of your confidence
If there is any valid reason why you are unable
We hope that an understanding can be reached
