deaf. times, at and, blind is Justice
on. count can I that friend only the is Money
land. scorched the travel to enough brave visitor any saluted cactus The
system. digestive her to posed it arguments the despite hotdog the ate Jan
stories. sad your hear to care not does world The
factory. the of doldrums the to return never could she kiss, sweet freedom’s After
name. her calling refrigerator the in cheesecake of piece last the heard Peggy
cough. death its wheezed engine sorry The
alive. leave him let wouldn’t they and place this into him dragged Drugs
here. around impatient be can buses The
dinner. your eat to enough hungry always are casinos These
moonlight. the to song lonely a sang He
dark. the in danced flame candle The
duty. for reported raindrops and grumbled Thunder
day. the face to over turned moon The
white. wearing themselves found trees the winter, to turned fall As
water. for begging was grass brown The
leaders. strong needs society Our
day. the in away wasted icicle unhappy One
wind. the in nodded sunflowers The
rude. sound them make can Stephan but manners good pretty have pianos Most
sleep. to went Cal finally and night the into long argued noises traffic The
shelter. tin the pounded storm angry The
river. the of mouth the across swam trout rainbow of school A
classroom. the into crept silence The
run. you fast how matter no you, to up catch always can Time Father
plains. the across arms golden its stretched sun The
her. saw I since chest my in around skipping been has heart My
appeared. dawn, fingered rosy morning, of child The
door. the out right walked him for had I trust Any
died. happiness her words four those with And
phlegm. on it spent and health his stole cigarettes The
rested. and leaves their dropped trees The
you. about talking streets the overheard I
cage. rib his squeezed grip icy Winter’s
out. you spit and up you chew would world business The
sky. the in around other each pushed clouds The
dead. were dreams his that now for live to little had He
delinquent. the on tattled smoke of smell The
forest. the of rumors the whispered wind The
hall. city at affairs the orchestrated corruption of hands jittery The
wind. the in shivered waters Still
petunias. the starved have weeds greedy Those
stomach. empty an to charming quite be can cupcakes of case A
uncharitable. and brief is light December
sleepers. peaceful for greetings friendly had morning This
left. she as soon as died party The
ear. my in secrets whispered wind The
above. from us on down smiled sun The
anger. with roared ocean The
breeze. the in danced flowers The
sorrow. of tears wept sky The
sky. the touch to out reached trees The
lullaby. gentle a sang river The
proud. and tall stood mountains The
water. the on danced moonlight The
sky. night dark the in blinked stars The
slowly. opened it as creaked door The
hill. the up struggled it as whined engine car The
beast. angry an like rumbled thunder The
choir. whispering a like wind the in rustled leaves The
rooftop. the on danced raindrops The
seconds. the away ticked clock The
hearth. the in popped and crackled fire The
age. with creaked and groaned house old The
thieves. like floor the across crept shadows The
ballerinas. like air the in danced snowflakes The
data. the processed it as whirred computer The
picture. a took it as blinked camera The
image. my back reflected mirror The
page. the across danced pen The
off. and on flickered TV The
shelf. the from me to beckoned book The
message. new a with chirped phone The
tracks. the down thundered train The
steamed. and hissed pot coffee The
heat. with hummed stove The
groaned. and grumbled fridge The
toast. the up popped toaster The
fountain. a like water sprayed showerhead The
faucet. leaky a like dripped faucet The
roared. and whirred cleaner vacuum The
sputtered. and chugged lawnmower The
road. the along smoothly pedaled bicycle The
melody. sweet a sang guitar The
chest. my in pounded drumbeat The
emotion. with wept violin The
soul. lost a like wailed saxophone The
raindrops. like tinkled keys piano The
fanfare. a like blared trumpet The
voice. my amplified microphone The
music. with boomed speaker The
river. a like flowed traffic The
energy. with buzzed city The
sky. the through soared airplane The
space. into rocketed spaceship The
earth. the orbited satellite The
scenery. the upon gazed lens camera The
town. the through marched thunderstorm The
sun. the towards faces their turned sunflowers The
ghost. a like hills the over crept fog The
diamonds. like sky midnight the in twinkled stars The
streets. deserted the through howled wind The
ground. the to fell they as goodbye waved leaves The
highway. the down sped they as song a sang tires car The
drumbeat. a like shore the against crashed waves The
sunlight. the in glittered skyline city The
away. ticked time as frowned face clock The
stars. with open wide yawned sky night The
above. from us at down grinned moon The
past. flowed water the as sighed riverbed The
heavens. the towards stretched mountains The
landscape. the across fingers like out stretched sunrays The
hug. cold a in earth the embraced snow The
fireplace. the in danced flames The
write. to tried I as cooperate to refused pen The
them. warming hands, my hugged cup coffee The
going. keep to me beckoned ahead road The
listened. who those to secrets whispered forest The
off. took it as roared engine airplane The
close. treasures its held bookshelf The
visitor. a like window the on tapped rain The
fortress. a like up piled snowdrifts The
city. the above towered skyscraper The
life. with hummed rainforest The
earthquake. each with shuddered earth The
puppy. playful a like shore the at lapped waves ocean The
dance. synchronized a like breeze the in swayed blades grass The
wall. the on shapes eerie cast shadows The
top. a like round and round spun windmill The
flight. in bird a like water the through glided sailboat The
finality. a with shut slammed door The
warmth. with skin my kissed sun The
delicately. wings its fluttered butterfly The
worker. busy a like flower to flower from buzzed bee The
auditorium. the shook applause thunderous The
valley. the over guard stood range mountain The
trees. the to secrets whispered wind The
wind. the in danced and shifted dunes sand desert The
tide. never-ending a like in rolled waves The
sun. hot the in melted cream ice The
precision. delicate with web its spun spider The
sunset. of colors the with blushed sky The
lullaby. a like twinkled stars The
landscape. the through ribbon a like flowed river The
rays. scorching its with earth the baked sun The
brushstrokes. wispy their with sky the painted clouds The
complaining. were it if as creaked door The
lake. the of surface the on danced moonlight The
ear. my in secrets whispered breeze The
fire. of ball a like horizon the into sank sun The
sun. morning the greet to up opened petals flower The
air. the in twirled and danced snowflakes The
lullaby. soothing a sang river The
wind. the in whispers like rustled leaves The
cloak. a like me enveloped darkness The
burned. it as popped and crackled fire The
alive. were it if as creaked and groaned house The
embrace. warm a like shoreline the hugged waves The
sky. the over blanket a like in rolled clouds The
alive. were they if as twinkled and winked stars The
melody. sweet a sang chimes wind The
beast. angry an like growled thunder The
life. of pulse the with breathed city The
ballerinas. like breeze the in danced flowers The
ear. to ear from grinned snowman The
sentinels. like proud and tall stood trees The
drumbeat. gentle a like roof the on tapped raindrops The
clouds. the behind seek and hide played sun The
approached. storm the as fury with roared sea The
dagger. a like sky the pierced peak mountain The
sky. velvet the in diamonds like hung stars The
whip. a like sky the across cracked lightning The
face. my touched and out reached rays sun's The
lullaby. peaceful a like out and in rolled waves The
embrace. soft a in earth the covered blanket snow The
candy. cotton like sky the across lazily drifted clouds The
stars. of galaxy a like twinkled lights city The
below. world the over glow pale its cast moon The
down. went sun the as head its bowed sunflower The
arms. outstretched like sky the to up reached branches tree The
tide. the with out and in breathed ocean The
eyes. my on tricks played shadows The
ballet. delicate a like fell snowflakes The
goodnight. horizon the kissed sun The
touch. gentle its with earth the cleansed rain The
breeze. the in heads their nodded flowers The
wolves. of pack a like howled wind The
blanket. comforting a like skin my warmed sun The
wind. the in other each to secrets whispered leaves The
diamonds. of field a like glistened snow The
wind. the of rhythm the to swayed trees The
beast. angry an like rocks the against crashed waves The
life. of energy the with hummed city The
ground. the on shadows eerie cast moon The
sun. the towards face its lifted sunflower The
solo. drum a like roof the on tapped rain The
serpent. winding long, a like me of ahead out stretched road The
bright. shining and twinkling sky, the in danced stars The
melody. gentle a singing trees, the through whispered wind The
clouds. the behind from out peeking horizon, the over peeked sun The
pearl. radiant a like sky night the in glowed moon The
song. soothing gentle, a like shore, the against lapped waves The
me. with secrets their sharing if as wind, the in sighed trees The
embrace. comforting a like me enveloped rays warm sun's The
ballet. graceful a in dancers like breeze, the in swayed flowers The
presence. menacing a like dark and brooding gathered, clouds storm The
light. of fairies tiny like night, the in danced fireflies The
slumber. peaceful a like blanket, white soft, a in ground the covered snow The
come. to was what of warning a like distance, the in rumbled thunder The
child. mischievous a like hair, my with played wind The
art. of work beautiful a like blaze, fiery a in set sun The
secret. a of whispers soft the like wind, the in rustled leaves The
sound. of symphony a like shore, the against crashed waves The
velvet. black on scattered diamonds like sky, the in glittered stars The
cage. its from loose let beast a like night, the in howled wind The
friend. comforting a like me, at down smiled moon The
life. of celebration a like sun, the in bloomed flowers The
sparkles. tiny million a like water, the on danced rays sun's The
rain. colorful a like trees, the from fell leaves The
ballerinas. graceful like air, the in danced snowflakes The
toys. of pile a with child a like leaves, autumn the with played wind The
embrace. warm a like snow, the melted warmth sun's The
sky. the in candy cotton fluffy like by, drifted clouds The
dancers. of chorus a like wind, the in bowed trees The
kiss. refreshing a like shower, gentle a in fell rain The
whisper. soft lover's a like shore, the to secrets whispered waves The
beginning. new a like sky, morning the in rose sun The
life. of celebration a like spring, the in bloomed flowers The
friend. playful a like hair, my teased wind The
treat. sweet a like tongue, my on landed snowflakes The
touch. comforting a like face, my warmed rays sun's The
autumn. of song a like feet, my beneath crunched leaves The
lion. mighty a like night, the in roared wind The
angel. guardian a like me, over watched moon The
agreement. in were they like heads, their nodded flowers The
revealed. secret a like trees, the through peeked rays sun's The
performance. grand a reveal to back drawn curtain a like parted, clouds The
secret. a sharing were they like breeze, the in other each to whispered trees The
heartbeat. comforting a like rhythm, steady a in fell rain The
nature. of force powerful a like rocks, the against crashed waves The
touch. gentle a like ground, frozen the thawed warmth sun's The
celebration. joyful a in up caught were they like wind, the in danced leaves The
sun. warm the for reaching sky, the toward up branches its stretched tree apple The
sweetness. juicy its with me tempting bowl, fruit the from me to beckoned apple crisp The
light. oven the in glistening crust golden its heavenly, smelled pie apple The
aroma. spicy its with kitchen the filling stove, the on steamed and bubbled cider apple The
trees. the from fruit ripe the picked workers the as activity with hummed orchard apple The
grass. the in scattered seeds brown its ground, the on discarded lay core apple The
light. the in gleaming color red rich its press, the from freely flowed juice apple The
garden. the in beauty delicate a sunshine, spring the in pink blushed blossom apple The
room. the filling aroma sweet its pot, the in sputtered and bubbled sauce apple The
sweetness. the through cutting sharpness its kick, tangy a dressing salad the gave vinegar cider apple The
climb. to had I that mountain a like staggering, was desk my on work of amount The
slept. never that beast a like relentless, was highway the on traffic of amount The
cloud. weeping a from tears like was sky the from fell that rain of amount The
from. choose to dishes of army an like overwhelming, was buffet the on food of amount The
insubstantial. and fleeting wind, the in whisper a like was account bank my in money of amount The
forever. on stretching minute each eternity, an like was bake to cake the for took it time of amount The
me. on down pressing shoulders, my on weight heavy a like was do to had I homework of amount The
sky. the and clouds the reflecting mirror, a like was lake the in water of amount The
forward. me driving me, inside burned that fire a like was project the for required energy of amount The
part. unique own its playing sound each symphony, a like was city the in noise of amount The
booming. thunder and flashing lightning storm, a like on raged sides two the between argument The
honor. its defending warrior a like fight, good a up put argument The
moment. any at explode to ready bomb, time ticking a was argument The
point. new each with changing and growing own, its of life a on taken had argument The
path. straight a following never river, a like turned and twisted argument The
unravel. to impossible yarn, of ball tangled a like was argument The
down. back or in give to refusing opponent, fierce a was argument The
precise. and graceful point each ballerina, a like room the around danced argument The
it. around everything obscuring fog, heavy a like air the in hung argument The
way. unique own its in together fitting piece each puzzle, a like was argument The
song. own its singing canvas each paintings, the of textures and colors vibrant the with alive was gallery art The
viewer. the touch to out reaching sculpture each thing, breathing living, a was exhibit art The
masterpiece. a create to placed and chosen carefully word each dance, delicate a is poetry of art The
melody. beautiful a create to together blending note each symphony, a like is music of art The
dish. final the in role vital a playing ingredient each thing, fascinating and complex a is cooking of art The
imagination. the through ride wild a on reader the taking journey, a like is storytelling of art The
harmony. perfect in together flowing movement and step each embrace, lover's a like is dance of art The
replicated. be never can that time in moments capturing thing, magical a is photography of art The
life. to character a bring to order in entirely else someone becoming actor the transformation, a like is acting of art The
right. own its in masterpiece a building each lines, and shapes of symphony a like is architecture of art The
breeze. gentle the in danced flowers The
road. open the hit to eager life, to roared engine car The
person. elderly an like groaned and creaked house old The
in. let be to begging window, the against pelted rain The
day. the to farewell bidding horizon, the below sank sun The
landscape. the through way its winding story, never-ending a like flowed river The
light. the away stealing thief, a like wall the along crept shadows The
cauldron. boiling a like sputtered and steamed coffee The
sky. the in lights fairy tiny million a like twinkled stars The
world. the for time keeping metronome, a like seconds the away ticked clock The
sky. the across painted art, of work breathtaking a was sunset The
energy. and life with bursting color, of riot a were flowers The
graceful. and delicate ballerina, a like flower to flower from flitted butterfly The
else. all above towering earth, the from majestically rose mountains The
see. could eye the as far as out stretching greens, and blues of masterpiece a was ocean The
beautiful. and unique one each jewels, tiny like sky the from fell snowflakes The
gem. shining a building each with crown, a like glittered skyline city The
serene. and calming soul, the for balm soothing a like was melody songbird's The
harmony. perfect in together blending one each colors, of symphony a was painting The
wind. the in dancing yellows, and oranges, reds, of explosion fiery a were leaves autumn The
darkness. the in brightly shining beacon, a like was congregation the of faith The
town. the through wildfire like spreading own, its of life a on taken had rumor The
theory. a form to together fitting piece each puzzle, a like was hypothesis scientist's The
succeed. to them driving within, burning fire a like was determination athlete's The
fear. and doubt from them protecting armor, of suit a like was conviction student's The
process. creative the through them guiding roadmap, a like was vision artist's The
students. their for way the lighting torch, a like was passion teacher's The
harm. from child their protecting shield, a like was love parent's The
progress. and change for calling drumbeat, a like was cause activist's The
people. the in change and hope inspiring promise, a like was platform politician's The
support. and aid providing need, in those for lifeline a was charity The
wake. its in destruction and havoc wreaking nature, of force a was storm The
wake. its in destruction leaving and apart families tearing monster, a was war The
mercy. without victims its stalking killer, silent a was disease The
equality. and justice for calling cry, rallying a was protest The
wake. its in devastation of trail a leaving tragedy, a was accident The
path. its in everything devouring beast, a was fire The
difference. a make to readers inspiring action, to call a was book The
conviction. and passion its with audience the electrifying rod, lightning a was speech The
change. of message its with nation the across sweeping wave, tidal a was movement The
rebirth. and change of symbol a butterfly, a into transformed caterpillar The
storm. a signaled that air the in change a suddenly, shifted weather The
clockwork. like year every came that change a seasons, the by transformed was landscape The
organization. the in everyone affected that change a restructuring, a underwent company The
world. the and life on perspective new a reader, the in change a inspired book The
destruction. or growth either to lead could that change a flux, in was relationship The
unknown. the into leap a change, big a was move to decision The
quo. status the disrupt to threatened that power in change a upheaval, in was landscape political The
joys. and challenges of set own its with came that change a up, grew child The
keep to struggling many left that evolution constant a rapidly, changing was world The
sea. gentle a on sailing ships like sky, the across lazily drifted clouds The
battle. for preparing army an like horizon, the on gathered clouds storm The
sound. all muffling blanket thick a like city, the over low hung fog The
artist. master a by painted canvas a like clouds, orange and pink with streaked was sky The
come. to storm the of warning a like ominously, rumbled thunderclouds The
fire. breathing dragon a like chimney, the from rose smoke of cloud The
answered. be to waiting mark question a like meeting, the over hung uncertainty of cloud The
sky. the in dreamily floating candy, cotton like were clouds white puffy The
judgment. passing jury a like unfolded, trial the as watched witnesses of cloud The
guilt. of cloak a like suspect, the over hung suspicion of cloud The
suffocating. was desk my on up piled work of amount The
hours. for on raged sides two the between argument The
designs. intricate and colorful its with me beckoned Art
change. for passion their fueled cause their in belief The
lottery. the won I and me upon smiled Chance
landscape. the transformed and slowly in crept Change
forever. on stretch to seemed sky blue clear The
path. safer the choose to me urged sense Common
stark. was paintings two the between comparison The
beach. the at day a for perfect were Conditions
unbreakable. was friends two the between connection The
original. the as captivating as just was novel the of copy The
mind. my on heavily weighed decision The
daunting. was task the in difficulty of degree The
ear. my in nothings sweet whispered Desire
city. the of face the changing relentlessly, on marched Development
excitement. of sense a creating air, the in danced Difference
success. to door the unlocks that key the is Education
content. and satisfied feeling me left movie the of end The
audience. the captivating life, to roared event The
perfectly. concept the illustrated examples The
understand. fully never may we that mystery a is Existence
night. the in thief a like me on up crept Fear
heartstrings. my at tugged nostalgia of feeling The
mind. my in picture vivid a painted Fiction
down. me knock to threatening me, against pushed Force
hand. artist's the from effortlessly flowed Form
arms. open with me beckoned Freedom
success. a was plan the that was consensus general The
granted. for taken be never should that one is giving of gift The
end. the in evil over triumphs always Good
citizens. its of safety the ensure to steps took government The
blanket. warm a like me enveloped Happiness
tool. powerful a is knowledge of possession The
community. the in justice of beacon a as stood law The
world. another to away you carry music the Let
expected. than higher much was task the in difficulty of level The
nature. of miracle a are things Living
out. goes never that flame a is Love
anywhere. you transport can imagination of power The
touch. the to luxurious and soft felt material The
science. of world the in key is Measurement
enemy. dangerous a or ally powerful a be can mind The
sleep. to me lulled ocean the of motion The
ears. my in echoed mountain the of name The
crisis. of times in together came nation The
with. reckoned be to force a is Nature
invention. of mother the is Necessity
storm. the after town the to returned Normalcy
overwhelming. was sky the in stars of number The
ingrained. deeply was culture that in system belief The
him. upon smiled and brave the favored Chance
forward. us pushing always force, constant a is Change
relationship. successful any to key the is communication Clear
street. the crossing before ways both look always should we that dictates sense Common
day. and night like was products two the between comparison The
situation. a break or make can Conditions
ignore. to coincidental too was events two the between connection The
brilliant. was ad that in copywriting The
made. ever he one best the was dreams his pursue to decision The
charts. the off was class that in difficulty of degree The
wildfire. a like her within burned Desire
achieve. to patience and time takes Development
strength. of also but conflict, of source a be can Difference
lives. our build we which upon foundation the is Education
nostalgia. of sense a by marked was era an of end The
activity. and excitement of whirlwind a was event The
perfectly. point the illustrated examples The
growth. and self-discovery of journey a is Existence
it. let we if us paralyze can Fear
her. of inside up bubbled joy of feeling The
times. and worlds other to us transport to power the has Fiction
ill. for or good for used be can Force
world. design the in function follows Form
cherished. be must that gift precious a is Freedom
success. a was project the that was consensus general The
receiving. than happiness more us bring can giving of gift The
gestures. of smallest the in found be can Goodness
lives. daily our impact greatly can policies Government
destination. a not mind, of state a is Happiness
possibilities. of world a up open can knowledge of possession The
time. over evolves that entity breathing living, a is law The
you. takes it where see and wild run imagination your Let
immense. was job that for required commitment of level The
challenges. and surprises of full journey a is Life
pain. of source a and balm a both be can Love
minds. and hearts change can persuasion of power The
touch. the to silky and smooth felt material The
industry. and science in tool important an is Measurement
making. own our of prison a or inspiration of source a be can mind The
planets. largest the to atoms tiniest the from us, around all is Motion
quality. with synonymous became company the of name The
leader. beloved a of loss the mourned nation The
protection. and respect our demands that force a is Nature
create. and innovate to us driving invention, of mother the is Necessity
storm. the of chaos the after city the to returned Normalcy
concepts. to quantities from anything represent to used be can Numbers
beautiful. and new something create and attract can Opposites
system. well-functioning any of backbone the is Order
endeavor. any in success to key the is Organization
away. breath my stole and me on up crept Change
flaws. my highlighting always mistress, cruel a is Comparison
me. hindering sometimes and me helping sometimes friend, fickle a is Condition
together. all us holds that glue the is Connection
beach. the along walked we as us on down smiled skies Clear
choice. right the make to me urging ear, my in whispered sense Common
train. runaway a like mind my through raced Comparison
everywhere. mark its leaving life, my through danced Change
down. me weighing anchor an like back, me held Condition
times. turbulent in afloat me keeping lifeline, a like was Connection
dip. a take to me inviting sunlight, the in shimmered water Clear
hard. was it when even thing, right the do to me beckoned sense Common
standards. unattainable its with me mocked Comparison
evolve. and grow to me pushing always spirit, restless a was Change
limitations. my of me reminding always companion, constant a was Condition
alone. less feel us making us, between gap the bridged Connection
darkness. the through me guided vision Clear
world. the of sense make me helping ally, my was sense Common
ideals. impossible its with me taunted Comparison
unpredictable. and unstoppable nature, of force wild a was Change
best. the but nothing demanding taskmaster, stern a was Condition
abyss. the of out me pulling lifeline, a was Connection
symphony. a like mind my through danced thoughts Clear
me. guide to there always friend, faithful a was sense Common
fault. finding always judge, cruel a was Comparison
up. everything shaking force, chaotic a was Change
better. be to me pushing evil, necessary a was Condition
despair. of sea a in hope of ray a was Connection
soul. troubled my to balm a were skies Clear
world. tumultuous a in reason of voice steady a was sense Common
one. necessary a but swallow, to pill bitter a was Comparison
toes. my on me keeping always lover, tempestuous a was Change
one. fair a but teacher, harsh a was Condition
all. us connecting world, the to lifeline a was Connection
heat. the from escape refreshing a was water Clear
chaos. of world a in commodity rare a was sense Common
down. me dragging always neck, my around weight a was Comparison
surroundings. its to adapting always chameleon, a was Change
limits. my to me pushing evil, necessary a was Condition
broken. be never could that bond a was Connection
flight. take to dreams my for canvas a were skies Clear
home. me guiding darkness, the in light a was sense Common
flaws. my of me reminding always side, my in thorn a was Comparison
awe-inspiring. and unpredictable nature, of force a was Change
limits. my to me pushing strength, my of test a was Condition
despair. of sea a in hope of beacon a was Connection
world. the of chaos the from respite welcome a were thoughts Clear
destiny. my to me leading star, guiding a was sense Common
lacked. I what me showing always mistress, cruel a was Comparison
renewed. and reborn ashes, the from rising phoenix a was Change
face. to needed I that one but reality, harsh a was Condition
today. me upon smiled Chance
door. my at knocking is Change
success. for favorable not were conditions The
success. to key the is Education
sight. in is end The
excitement. with filled was event The
words. than louder speak Examples
navigate. to thing tricky a be can Existence
unexpectedly. me on up crept Fear
imagination. of world a weaves Fiction
trees. the battered winds Forceful
design. in function follows Form
gift. precious a is Freedom
nation. the for hand guiding a as acts government The
smile. her from radiated Happiness
itself. repeating of way a has History
world. the shape can Ideas
beholder. the of eye the in lies Importance
unfolded. story the as piqued Interest
society. civilized a maintain order and Law
wild. run imagination your Let
task. each for vary difficulty of Levels
turns. and twists many with journey a is Life
thing. many-splendored a is Love
own. their of story a tell Materials
accuracy. for precise be to need Measurements
tool. powerful a is mind The
momentum. and energy creates Motion
weight. of lot a carry can Names
crossroads. a at is nation The
beauty. endless with us provides Nature
invention. of mother the is Necessity
state. comforting a is Normalcy
own. their of story a tell can Numbers
discoveries. great to lead can Observations
efficiency. to key the is Orderliness
success. of backbone the is Organization
whole. a make to together work Parts
emotions. and memories hold can Places
things. simplest the in found be can Pleasure
curse. a and blessing a both be can Power
predicted. and calculated be can Probabilities
own. its of life a have can Property
actions. our to meaning gives Purpose
investment. the worth is Quality
discoveries. new to lead Questions
problems. toughest the even solve can Reasoning
all. to given be should Respect
power. great with comes Responsibility
difference. the all make can decision right The
boring. also but comforting be can Sameness
everything. change can words right the Saying
world. the of mysteries the explain to seeks Science
impact. big a have can things small Seemingly
ways. many in interpreted be can Signs
sophistication. ultimate the is Simplicity
values. and beliefs our shape can Society
clarity. to lead can chaos the through Sorting
everything. and everyone in found be can Specialness
properties. unique own their have Substances
own. their of life a on take can Things
journeys. wild on us take can Thoughts
fiction. than stranger often is Truth
goals. our achieve us help can abilities our Using
greatly. vary can problem a approach to Ways
reflection. and experience from comes Wisdom
heal. and inspire to power the have Words
joy. a and chore a both be can Work
fickle. and unpredictable be can Weather
cathartic. and therapeutic be can Writing
force. great with shore the against crash Waves
trees. the through secrets whispers Wind
tides. the with ebbs and flows Water
snow. of blanket a in world the wraps Winter
opportunities. new to doors opens Education
new. something of beginning the just is end The
own. their of life a on take can Events
learning. for guideposts like are Examples
surprises. with filled journey a is Existence
teacher. wise a is Experience
hand. cold a like us grip can Fear
worlds. new to us transport can Fiction
wisely. used if mountains move can Force
new. something into molded be can Forms
cherished. be must that gift precious a is Freedom
parents. overbearing like act can Governments
day. cold a on blanket warm a like is Happiness
time. over woven tapestry great a like is History
tree. a like grow and root take can Ideas
person. to person from vary and subjective be can Importance
passions. our fuel that flames like be can Interests
doors. many unlocks that key a is Knowledge
protectors. or shackles like be can Laws
us. binds that rope a cutting like be can go Letting
success. to staircase a on steps like be can Levels
downs. and ups with rollercoaster a like be can Life
nurturing. needs that flower delicate a like be can Love
around. ship a turning like be can change a Making
down. us hold that anchors like be can possessions Material
perspective. of sense a us give can Measurements
tending. need that gardens like be can Minds
story. a tells that dance a like be can Motion
meaning. and weight of lot a carry can Names
dynamics. unique own their with families like be can Nations
lessons. valuable us teaches that sage wise a like be can Nature
forward. us drives that fire a like be can Necessity
shoes. of pair comfortable a like be can Normalcy
symphony. a create that notes musical like be can Numbers
picture. bigger a create that pieces puzzle like be can Observations
repel. and attract that magnets like be can Opposites
machine. well-oiled a like be can Order
orchestra. an directs that conductor a like be can Organization
picture. bigger a create that pieces puzzle like be can Parts
quirks. and personalities unique own their have can Places
body. and mind the relaxes that bath warm a like be can Pleasure
explored. be to waiting landscape vast a like be can Possibilities
sword. double-edged a like be can Power
future. the predicts that ball crystal a like be can Probabilities
personality. own its with entity breathing living, a like be can Property
forward. us guides that light of beacon a like be can Purpose
bright. shines that diamond a like be can Quality
knowledge. new to doors unlock that keys like be can Questions
problems. solve us helps that tool powerful a like be can Reasoning
steps. unique own their with dances intricate like be can Relationships
closer. people brings that embrace warm a like be can Respect
down. us weighs that burden heavy a like be can Responsibility
discovered. be to waiting treasure hidden a like be can path right The
us. comforts that blanket security a like be can Sameness
everything. transforms that wand magic a like be can thing right the Saying
discoveries. new to leads that adventure great a like be can Science
believing. always not is Seeing
trees. the through secrets whispered wind The
breeze. autumn the in joyfully danced leaves The
frustration. and anger with roared waves ocean The
inside. let be to begging window, the on tapped raindrops The
fireplace. the in danced and flickered flames The
sky. the in beast angry an like rumbled thunder The
warmth. its in basking sun, the at up smiled flowers The
air. wintry the in danced and twirled snowflakes The
sky. night the in diamonds like twinkled stars The
clouds. the piercing peaks their proud, and tall stood mountains The
journey. never-ending a on if as steadily, flowed river The
landscape. darkened the over glow pale a cast moon The
clouds. the with hide-and-seek played sunbeams The
thirst. its quenched rain the as contentedly sighed earth The
to. cling to something for searching out, reached vines The
darkness. the illuminating angrily, flashed lightning The
lace. of layer delicate a like grass the coated frost The
another. one to secrets whispered and rustled trees The
embrace. mysterious its in everything shrouding in, crept fog The
feet. my of weight the under sighed and shifted sand The
ancient. and weathered silently, stood rocks The
sadness. sea's the echoing melody, mournful a sang seashells The
sky. the across path sun's the follow to heads their turned sunflowers The
bridges. colorful like sky the across arched rainbows The
once. at speaking voices thousand a like wind, the in rustled and chattered leaves The
touch. lover's a like gently, shore the caressed waves The
wonderland. winter a creating high, piled snowdrifts The
sky. the in diamonds of sea a like glimmered and shimmered stars The
white. of blanket a like peaks, mountain the hugged clouds The
world. entire the warm to trying if as sky, the in fiercely blazed sun The
mind. troubled my calming lullaby, soothing a sang river The
spirits. my lifting ear, my in nothings sweet whispered breeze The
attention. someone's get to trying if as angrily, ground the pounded hail The
spears. angry like vengeance, a with earth the struck bolts lightning The
hello. saying if as face, my kissed gently snowflakes The
chandeliers. crystal like sun, the in sparkled icicles The
sheep. of herd a like sky, the across drifted lazily clouds The
embrace. lover's a like moonlight, the in danced waves The
windowpanes. the on patterns delicate painted frost The
heard. be to hoping wind, the to secrets whispered leaves The
them. move ever could nothing if as stoically, stood rocks The
child. shy a like horizon, the over peeked sun The
gesture. romantic a like set, sun the as orange and pink blushed sky The
secret. a knows who child a like mischievously, grinned snowmen The
conversation. lively a like popped, and crackled fire The
observers. curious like earth, the upon down gazed stars The
threat. looming a like foreboding, and dark grew clouds The
spine. my down shivers sending wolf, a like howled wind The
angrily shore the against crashed waves The
trees. the to secrets whispered wind The
shore. the on joyfully danced waves The
fury. and anger with roared fire The
warmth. sun's the at smiled flowers The
rooftops. the on danced raindrops The
distance. the in grumbled thunder The
breeze. gentle the in rustled leaves The
flowed. it as melody sweet a sang river The
ballerinas. like air the in twirled snowflakes The
earth. the embraced and out reached rays sun's The
lake. the of surface the caressed light moon's The
sky. night the in diamonds like twinkled stars The
blanket. warm a like mountaintops the hugged clouds The
by. go world the watching stoically, stood rocks The
trees. the in symphony beautiful a sang birds The
mystery. in everything shrouding in, crept mist The
set. sun the as pink of shade deep a blushed sky The
field. the in playing children the of feet the tickled grass The
valley. the over shadow a casting large, loomed mountains The
sunlight. the in glistened peaks snow-capped The
song. wind's the of rhythm the to swayed trees The
roar. mighty a with rocks the against crashed waves The
lanterns. tiny like darkness the in danced fireflies The
pillows. white fluffy like up piled snowdrifts The
rooftop. the on lullaby soothing a tapped rain The
distance. the in beast giant a like rumbled thunder The
another. one to secrets whispered leaves The
embrace. comforting mother's a like gently, flowed river The
beast. wild a like howling raged, snowstorm The
below. earth the scorching down, blazed sun The
sky. night the illuminating light, pale a cast moon The
below. earth the teasing mischievously, winked stars The
sky. the in balls cotton giant like billowed clouds The
embrace. sun's the of warmth the in basked rocks The
spring. of arrival the celebrating happily, chirped birds The
atmosphere. eerie an creating low, hung mist The
stars. of canopy a revealing wide, yawned sky The
earth. the to secrets whispered grass The
wind. the to stories ancient whispered mountains The
heartbeat. forest's the of rhythm the to swayed trees The
lullaby. mother's a like shore, the against gently lapped waves The
room. the warming fireplace, the in danced and crackled fire The
ballerinas. delicate like down drifted snowflakes The
fist. angry an like windows the against pounded rain The
beast. ferocious a like growled thunder The
ballerinas. graceful like wind the in danced leaves The
flowed. it as lullaby soft a murmured river The
banshee. wild a like howled snowstorm The
embrace. its in everything warming earth, the on down smiled sun The
home. souls lost guiding sky, night the in beacon a like shone moon The
heart. her in danced desire The
justice. for out cried cause The
us. upon down smiled sky clear The
ear. my in whispered comparison The
demands. its out shouted condition The
me. to out reached connection The
page. the from me at winked copy The
mind. my on heavily weighed decision The
me. before out stretched degree The
her. within burned desire The
eyes. our before grew development The
soldiers. like me before stood options different The
lessons. valuable us taught education The
reach. within be to seemed end The
town. the through roared event The
themselves. for spoke examples The
mystery. a is life of existence The
me. on impact profound a had experience The
face. the in me stared fact The
tightly. me gripped fear The
me. to secrets its whispered feeling The
me. around spell a wove fiction The
forward. me pushed force The
eyes. my before shape took form The
wind. the in danced spirit free The
clear. was consensus general The
heart. my warmed deed good The
best. knew it if as acted government The
hand. in hand walked couple happy The
era. bygone a of spoke books history The
imagination. my sparked idea The
denied. be not could matter the of importance The
curiosity. my piqued interest The
fingertips. my at was knowledge The
side. their on be to seemed law The
gut. the to punch a like felt letdown The
charts. the off was intensity of level The
us. before stood idea the of embodiment living The
overflowing. was heart her in love The
arrived. had moment break or make The
touch. the to soft was material The
subjective. was success of measure The
possibilities. with raced mind The
sleep. to me rocked ocean the of motion The
meaning. special a held name The
unity. in together stood nation The
away. breath my took world the of beauty natural The
success. ensure to taken were steps necessary The
disrupted. was routine normal The
endless. was possibilities of number The
truth. startling a revealed observation The
considered. was viewpoint opposite The
crucial. was events of order The
meticulous. was project the of organization The
perfection. to role its played part The
significance. special a held place The
large. loomed failure of possibility The
awe-inspiring. was mind the of power The
ideal. than less was outcome probable The
investment. sound a was property The
clear. was mission the of purpose The
undeniable. was work the of quality The
answered. be to begged question The
unclear. was decision the behind reason The
complicated. was two the between relation The
people. the of behalf on spoke representative The
admirable. was others to shown respect The
shoulders. his on squarely fell responsibility The
obvious. was do to thing right The
again. once out played story old same The
ages. the through down passed were wise the of sayings The
groundbreaking. was discovery the behind science The
breathtaking. was sunset the of sight The
daunting. was task the of impossibility seeming The
overthrown. was regime oppressive the after streets the in danced Freedom
up. catch to struggling me leaving by, flew Time
breeze. the in rustled they as leaves the to secrets whispered wind The
leave. to refused and heart my into crept Loneliness
absence. long a after ones loved my saw I as chest my from leaped Joy
below. world the on fury its unleashing raged, and roared storm The
soul. my of soil fertile the in seedling a like sprouted Hope
venom. its with me paralyzing spider, a like spine my up crept Fear
secret. a sharing if as perch, celestial their from me at winked stars The
need. of time my in me comforting me, around embrace warm its wrapped Love
dreams. my on down rain to threatening cloud, dark a like me over loomed Doubt
rays. golden its in me bathing me, on down smiled sun The
goals. my towards me driving me, within fire a like burned Ambition
challenges. life's through me guiding friend, faithful a like side my by stood Trust
side. other the to me beckoning hand, cold its out reached Death
moment. any at erupt to ready volcano, a like me within boiled Anger
dreams. my over glow gentle a casting light its slept, I as me over watched moon The
depths. the towards me dragging anchor, an like down me weighed Despair
fears. my face to me inspiring proud, and tall stood Courage
sense. and reason all through burning flame, a like me consumed Lust
be. could what of fear the with me haunting specter, a like loomed Failure
with. reckoned be to force a shore, the against crashed and roared ocean The
uncertainties. life's through me guiding grounded, me kept Reason
integrity. and honesty of path the illuminating beacon, shining a was Trustworthiness
knowledge. and experiences new out seek to unknown, the explore to me urged Curiosity
survive. to takes it whatever do to me driving me, at clawed Desperation
flawless. than less anything with satisfied never parent, judgmental a like me over hovered Perfectionism
what. matter no going keep to me pushing furnace, a like me within burned Determination
treasures. glittering its with me tempting riches, its flaunted Wealth
time. own their in come things all that knowing side, my by waited Patience
unknown. the through adventure an on me inviting me, before out stretched road The
ages. the of secrets the sharing ear, my in whispered Wisdom
world. the of troubles and worries the from free fields, the in danced Innocence
drive. and passion my away stealing thief, a like in crept Apathy
it. beheld who all captivating star, a like shone Beauty
accomplishments. its of boasting and out chest its puffing up, itself puffed Pride
embrace. its with me suffocating shroud, a like me around itself wrapped Loneliness
own. its before others of needs the putting freely, itself of gave Sacrifice
world. this in alone not was I that me showing warmly, me embraced Friendship
path. its in all consuming wildfire, a like burned Hatred
weaknesses. and imperfections own its acknowledging head, its bowed Humility
sky. moonlit the in playfully danced stars The
mischievously. me at smiled it car, my to way my making While
depressed. appeared house run-down The
attention. for screaming by raced green, lime painted car, The
meadow. the through tiptoed morning of rays first The
another. one with two-step to seemed meadow the in butterflies The
door. her at knocking was opportunity that realize not did She
toaster. the of out up jumped waffle The
door. the out walking was chance last his that realize not did He
bowl. the of out leapt popcorn The
another. to one from buzzed they as flowers the with seek and hide played bees The
shelves. the off flew it sale, on went DVD the When
objection. mighty its howled wind The
me. of front in out jumped curb the because tripped I
child. infant her would mother a like earth the swaddled snow The
you. on up creeps Time
higher. and higher rise to continued water the as earth the swallowed river The
surprise. by me took news The
home. go to me for time was it it, knew we before and flew Time
brew. to continued storm the and boat the at out lashed waves ocean The
distance. the in angrily clapped thunder The
it. use to try I time every fit a throws computer My
care. a without town through ran tornado The
man. old an like grumbled thunder The
slowly. opened it as protested door The
breeze. gentle the in waltzed flowers The
shadows. the in lurking was tree evil The
by. her passed life Her
it. from swung I as moaned branch tree The
sky. the from me at down glared sun The
drum. own its of beat the to marches Time
above. clouds the through me at winked moon The
rage. great with town the attacked storm The
meadow. the through sang wind The
halt. a to screeching came life My
TLC. some of need in was and suffering was car The
outfield. the into way the all screamed baseball The
life. to sprang clock alarm my 6:am precisely At
town. the swallowed blizzard The
them. through blew wind the as talking were panes window The
coastline. the towards raced tsunami The
moonlight. the in danced ocean The
path. its in everything devoured avalanche The
story. the read she as paper the of off leapt words The
holster. its from me at glared pistol The
ring. mighty a with awakened phone The
showroom. the across from me beckoned car The
blur. a in me by raced funeral The
name. my calling Hawaii hear could I
sky. the across danced Lightning
night. the in howled wind The
ignition. its in turned roughly was key the as complained car The
name. her calling pie of piece last the heard Rita
morning. every bed of out get to me at yells clock alarm My
way. its in standing anything devoured avalanche The
slowly. opened it as protested door The
me. protects who friend a is house My
clouds. the with seek and hide played moon The
me. at winked headlights car's approaching The
pretty. so is she since her loves camera The
them. on walked we as groaned stairs The
cleans. it while tune happy a hums vacuum Our
f begging were flowers My
water. youor bless says Kleenex
fence. the around fingers its wove ivy The
distance. the in grumbling was thunder The
past. drove who those saluted cactus The
speed. amazing an at forest the through ran wildfire The
sky. the in stars the at smiled moon The
wind. the in waved leaves The
fun. having you're when flies Time
on. moves then and haunches silent on city and harbor over looking sits It feet. cat little on comes fog The
spoon. the with away ran dish the And sport, such see To laughed dog little The moon; the over jumped cow The fiddle, the and cat The diddle, diddle, Hey,
sound. a make not did and crept She ground! the on creeping was night The
joy. with shook tree the and back came boy the day one then And
takers. nap philosophers, poets, dreamers, We're complainers. not are Gorillas words. into put to hard It's while. a for think I
orea is cookie favorite Milk's
crackers snack Goldfish is back smiles that snack The
cream ice Carvel - like tastes happy what it's cream, ice Carvel
she? isn’t beauty, a is She car. my at Look
grass. dry through whispered wind The
breeze. gentle the in danced flowers The
none. for wait tide and Time
forest. entire the swallowed fire The
lake. the on danced moon the of shadow The
windowpanes. my rattling outside, snorted wind the thunderstorm, heavy a was There
then. and now every them kissed bees the and blooming, were flowers The
village. entire the over raged flood The
feet. its under kings the even tramples it that ruthless so is time of tread The
street. the in stretching and yawning cat a met I – morning early was It
sky. the kiss to seemed it that tall so was skyscraper The
body. dead its over lamented birds the and down, pulled was tree The
clouds. the fondled area hilly the in pines tall The
end. visible no with snake, twisting a was home his to road long The
clouds. partial through peeped moon full The
forward. move to refused and road, the of middle the in stroke severe a suffered car His
ocean. the of waves undulating the over danced ship The
mind. his from fled ideas the and words the test, the sat he When
weeping. be to him to looked everything friend, deceased his of house the of out came he When
treads. winter limping Of heel the on April well-appareled When
Eastertide. for white Wearing ride woodland the about stands And bough, the along bloom with hung Is now cherry the trees, of Loveliest
so? tremble shadows And drink, to down go birds blushing And blow, flowers bashful Where heart, little your in brook a got you Have
it. in hide-and-seek playing winds little with day sunshiny a of afternoon early the was It Boxes. of House the of front in gate little the on swung Button Pearl
view? a with room a us give you Can us. tired have habits traveling Our dew. with shining sunflowers, the said weather,’ of weary we’re William, ‘Ah, Room. Yellow the in Move Sunflowers Two
rain. spring with roots Dull stirring desire, and Memory mixing land, dead the of out Lilacs breeding month, cruellest the is April
sky. night the in winked stars The
interstate. the over stretched bridge The
sky. moonlit the in playfully danced stars The
door. her at knocking was Opportunity
life. to sprang clock alarm my 06:30 precisely At
care. a without town through ran tornado The
coastline. the towards raced tsunami The
clouds. angry the away chased and smiled sun The
paper. the across danced pencil The
river. the upon smiled moon The
mouth. his escape to hesitated words The
nest. nightly its take to ready getting was sun The
on. carry to me to whispering on kept mind My
beat a skipped heart Her
them on down smiled sun The
cruelly them at down looked gates iron The
starting before coughed and sputtered car The
others. the all against resentment and sister, her for concern between divided was heart Her
deaf. times, at and, blind is Justice
on. count can I that friend only the is Money
land. scorched the travel to enough brave visitor any saluted cactus The
system. digestive her to posed it arguments the despite hotdog the ate Jan
stories. sad your hear to care not does world The
factory. the of doldrums the to return never could she kiss, sweet freedom’s After
name. her calling refrigerator the in cheesecake of piece last the heard Peggy
cough. death its wheezed engine sorry The
alive. leave him let wouldn’t they and place this into him dragged Drugs
here. around impatient be can buses The
dinner. your eat to enough hungry always are casinos These
moonlight. the to song lonely a sang He
dark. the in danced flame candle The
duty. for reported raindrops and grumbled Thunder
day. the face to over turned moon The
white. wearing themselves found trees the winter, to turned fall As
water. for begging was grass brown The
leaders. strong needs society Our
day. the in away wasted icicle unhappy One
wind. the in nodded sunflowers The
rude. sound them make can Stephan but manners good pretty have pianos Most
sleep. to went Cal finally and night the into long argued noises traffic The
shelter. tin the pounded storm angry The
river. the of mouth the across swam trout rainbow of school A
classroom. the into crept silence The
run. you fast how matter no you, to up catch always can Time Father
plains. the across arms golden its stretched sun The
her. saw I since chest my in around skipping been has heart My
appeared. dawn, fingered rosy morning, of child The
door. the out right walked him for had I trust Any
died. happiness her words four those with And
phlegm. on it spent and health his stole cigarettes The
rested. and leaves their dropped trees The
you. about talking streets the overheard I
cage. rib his squeezed grip icy Winter’s
out. you spit and up you chew would world business The
sky. the in around other each pushed clouds The
dead. were dreams his that now for live to little had He
delinquent. the on tattled smoke of smell The
forest. the of rumors the whispered wind The
hall. city at affairs the orchestrated corruption of hands jittery The
wind. the in shivered waters Still
petunias. the starved have weeds greedy Those
stomach. empty an to charming quite be can cupcakes of case A
uncharitable. and brief is light December
sleepers. peaceful for greetings friendly had morning This
left. she as soon as died party The
whole. it devouring and licking house, the surrounded Flames
shelf. her from stories their murmured books The
secret. a hides album the in photo Every
girlfriend. jealous a like kitten new the at glared cat The
edge. water’s the beside limbs long its out stretched sand The
knees. its to bent looked cottage old the low, Crouching
joy. of tears wept sky The
up!” us “eat case: display the from him to called cakes and Cookies
chair. the into settled she as sighed and whispered dress silken Her
sky. blue the punched skyscrapers The
child. her and mother new the with patient was time light, morning early the In
attack. to sent soldiers of army an like house the up filled voice His
blueprints. preparing architect an was he if as grass the studied dog My
arrived. finally they’d that us alert to squealed horn car The
time. to time from chops its licks It grows. beard no which on lake, the of lips the are These
feet. cat little on comes fog The
month. cruelest the is April
breath their hold Shadows listens, landscape the comes, it When
view? a with room a us give you Can us. tired have habits traveling Our dew. with shining sunflowers, the said weather, of weary we’re William, ‘Ah,
good-nights. and whisperings and conferences bed-time little of sorts all having are and disrobing are they but asleep yet not are sleep—they to ready getting are woods The
fingertips. their from spray dropped and water the over hung ferns Five-fingered
hair? her through way their wound and open lids her pressed finger-tips golden its as sunshine, the of touch every in it felt she morning–hadn’t that her to happen to going was good something that known she Hadn’t
thorn. like pricks it and boisterous, too rude, too rough, too is It thing? tender a love Is
attitude. with back laid is pink bland, and dull is beige while but beige, as back laid as is Pink . ”. . gates. Heaven’s of color the color, cherubic the color, boudoir the is Pink down. hair its lets and shoes its off kicks it when like looks red what is Pink
gas. passing were chairs the While another, one to chattered teacups The glass, their in cackled cubes ice The boiled, water the as sang teapot The
dead. the of land the to lane A opens tea-cup the in crack the And bed, the in sighs desert The cupboard, the in knocks glacier The
truthful only cruel, not am I dislike or love by unmisted is, it as Just immediately. swallow I see, I Whatever preconceptions. no have I exact. and silver am I
breath. small a breathing kept dirt the Even
in. coming others over looked waves Great din. misty a made water shattered The
pan. the of out jumped grease The
breeze. the in danced curtains The
house. the into break to trying windowsill, my at clawed and scratched branch tree The
bare. were feet my and chin my under snuggled was it until up crept blanket the night, the During
line. a in walk to them encouraging young, her scolded duck mother The
approach. to me daring me, taunted board diving The
dog. big the of weight the under groaned chair vintage The
owner. new its to given finally was it when joy with danced puppy The
homeless. families of lot a left it and village entire the swallowed fire The
it. over all watered I as waved and danced plants The
meat. pig’s eat to family our allow not does religion Our
evening Wednesday windy a on screamed and shrieked winds The
wind. the of movement the with along swayed leaves The
ride. a take and in hop to me challenged and taunted ride coaster roller The
dinner. for fish the frying was I as pan the of out leaped oil The
sleep. deep a in such was she because hour entire the for sister my at yelling on keeps clock alarm The
sky. the in clouds big the with game seek and hide its had also moon the playing, children the Like
point. boiling its reach to about is it as gurgles water The
water. much-needed its for begging are farm the of lands dry The
night. at even sleeps never country the in city largest The
day. new a welcomes it as smiles sun orange bright The
earlier. ham thin wafer my to thing same the exactly saying was I
