Barrels tears are wines and salts.
With a whisk on goody tails!
Wiggle maces to fix the heads.
Heads in jack on boxes are ceased.
Cry to paranoid truly bosses.
Bosses are jokers take your boys.
Studs are bogs with fire apples.
True predicates worth cases.’
Descents wash in badly bands.
Wholly sales are smart with cats.
Who got tenth honors in China?
Homage grand to play and plays!
Trim the times of hearts then cry.
Tanks in steels but voice wail.
Bossy dragged by tails that whisked.
Go very timid and love the wise.
Hands are lent but laws are ends.
Cases on courts are borrowed lands.
Length long with treads to retch!
Straps on times and watch here.
Arrays tanks but all are men.
Cross all suctions steal the ends.
Cave on minds are cages on objects.
Rouser rockets powers holes.
Confine curses to stop our wounds.
Whirl your bodies and jump on grounds.
Crouch of soldiers after kicks with flings.
Block one leg and hit the middle.
Cauchy3 know the tricks to kill.
Threaten weak oppressed ill.
Surpass scores are bad in honors.
Wash to think that build the homes.
Angel sins but cauchy3 has funs.
Make ones tools when hats are found.
Worlds are drawers on bottom noses.
Singular ugly piece is rose.
Wily mores are teeth of sharks.
Saw with tooth is laws in arts.
Artful men power with grids.
Bodies stamped and wills are ridden.
Sign in forth with battles conquered.
Triumphs on candles whip the stands.
Soups are soaps and faiths not come.
We are meats in balls and rice to constants.
Apparently life without love, is no life at all.
Become an advocate of true love.
Control your innermost emotions.
Decide your worth, fulfill your desires.
Mix with means and assets
Passive and active to abase the men
Heels and knees rent for renown
Breeds the breads to be demanded
Assert to assist by blocks of boards
Necks and necks to bad affairs
Moneys pay for debts in doubles
Laws are raw to protect with doubts
Shams are shames to have costs
Shams on sheets incubated courses
Lack of actions to freedoms and justices
Nouns are in ounces and loves are in pounds
Control the concepts of wielding guns
Control the concepts of smith for guns
Put the concepts of tyrants on hell
To hell real tyrants have helps
Hounds and eagles should focus on hunting
Expect the evils to be saints on junctions
Axes and awls are lying below
Awnings are answers with piss and pee
Peek on peaks of powers to be laws
Whales on whips are wheat to sharks
Weeps when sweep in clocks of Gods
Corrections of cotillions like hoofs
Zeroes in zeal for facts and morals
Morales are guns that march and move
Laws are lost and twist a lot
Terms in targets have not effects in long
Stay in dark or run from dart.
Stray to cycles of cruel ranges
Laws as can be rights are none
Table lands are tables with spoons
Monks have manners to list on tables
Jack apples are appetites on tabs
Whales on whips are wheat to sharks
Baby fishes are preys in bays
To be back in the passes to wash by bloods
In themes of theory our rights are loud
Next days are dated with truths or false
Flaws in angles of angels are small
Wings when wink to rains give no shelters
Bloods are buses to carry to hell
Wash their shames but leave our rights
A network of flatterers is in wires
Jack of crack in pots of crack
Sambas have bugs on figs that take
My heart has unseen bugs in acting
Ghosts haunt in cavern with heal
Empty stream in holes to steal
Barrow has one wheel for near
Wheel and deal are those on top
Tares are on suits but meadows are women
Dilate the prizes of prides on top
We are all cogs to tone
Harps be fine and fingers be good
Jacks play with their fingers on goods
The sun on Asia sky may be red
Give the logistics are logics to pets
Patterns of Gods are king s bodies.
Launch the papers on lunches to bowls
That faces of poets help to smiles
Admire the distances from hade to a mile
Pleasures of leaders are earned by rows
Would there be sweats on brows when bow
Pietisms on parts are wholesome in vices.
Wise in acre but bully to eyes
Rusts are here yellows are pearls
Dittos on powers but flaw to react
Crooks roll your minds with hopes
Cogs in times lead us homes
Straps on times watch ones feet
Even are evil while equal are eerie
Only our planet with one sun
Falcons are slow down on bushes
Salty weathers salute to soldiers
Sambas of fortunes have just to sold
Passes on stages are passages to fires
Books on accounts are moneys to fine
Sambas of fortunes have just to sold
Sambas of fortunes have just to sold
Vectors pf suns are heats and flames
Bind to lines on sky when claimed
Plash and slash on lakes when free.
Brazil should breach on tank s wheels
Stand off and away from tanks
Red suns have white heats
Friends for wines and for wench
Stand away from tanks ends
Aliens are extraterrestrials along with giants and greys;
But their matters are kept in secrecy for wants of truths!
Centuries old maters we know from the relics left by them;
Details about their mysteries are yet to be known by all!
Extraterrestrials are the Gods we all worship in various names;
Facts about their valours are legendary stories and mythologies
Great and incredible, yet, they are all thought provoking as to
How have they made so much advanced feats before modernity!
Iconic Gods, we worship, have been travelling all over the Space
Jumping from one Star to another one with Earth as junction....
Keeping abreast of knowledge by gathering ideas from everywhere
Leaving their marks as pyramids, strange objects, etc. as identities!
Marks left behind them reveal their powers, greatness and so on
Nobody can deny and might have triggered mankind to develop;
Outer Space adventures by Science &Technology man is progressing
Part by part and yet, we are matchless before their past achievements!
Quite very, very late we are heading on towards their advancements;
Rather it is an herculean adventure to catch their civilization by science!
Sure, we are the images of them adapted in natural evolution to divinity
That we are trying to achieve by spirituality becoming supermen soon!
Universe is the vast field of exploration to find answers for our questions;
Vertically and horizontally all explorations and experiments will help much
Widening our scope to learn more and know more techniques to advance...!
X men and their extraordinary powers got from extraterrestrials will help sure
Years of experiments and inferences we have made and are making to know all
Zealous facts, figures and fictions to be extraterrestrials one day to fathom Space!
How lonely is the night, without a companion
She shares her life with the day, now asleep
Yet whilst she sleeps, he opens half a world
And during her vigil has been unable to peep,
Covered with a blanket, and a different opinion.
With the first sign of day you hear welcome calls
And all forms of life burst forth with joyous sound
That night has done her best to see unfurled.
So some politics would claim the same around
That only day should grace their hallowed walls.
I wonder how long they would last without a night
And the pleasure that a short hibernation creates;
Lying in bed asleep sharing your time as mates
A comfortable partner, sharing beliefs and rights?
The burden of hard hitting. Slug away
Like Honus Wagner or like Tyrus Cobb.
Else fandom shouteth: "Who said you could play?
Back to the jasper league, you minor slob!"
Swat, hit, connect, line out, goet on the job.
Else you shall feel the brunt of fandom's ire
Biff, bang it, clout it, hit it on the knob -
This is the end of every fan's desire.
The burden of good pitching. Curved or straight.
Or in or out, or haply up or down,
To puzzle him that standeth by the plate,
To lessen, so to speak, his bat-renown:
Like Christy Mathewson or Miner Brown,
So pitch that every man can but admire
And offer you the freedom of the town -
This is the end of every fan's desire.
The burden of loud cheering. O the sounds!
The tumult and the shouting from the throats
Of forty thousand at the Polo Grounds
Sitting, ay, standing sans their hats and coats.
A mighty cheer that possibly denotes
That Cub or Pirate fat is in the fire;
Or, as H. James would say, We've got their goats -
This is the end of every fan's desire.
The burden of a pennant. O the hope,
The tenuous hope, the hope that's half a fear,
The lengthy season and the boundless dope,
And the bromidic, "Wait until next year."
O dread disgrace of trailing in the rear,
O Piece of Bunting, flying high and higher
That next October it shall flutter here:
This is the end of every fan's desire.
Ah, Fans, let not the Quarry but the Chase
Be that to which most fondly we aspire!
For us not Stake, but Game; not Goal, but Race -
THIS is the end of every fan's desire.
The burden of fair women. Vain delight,
And love self-slain in some sweet shameful way,
And sorrowful old age that comes by night
As a thief comes that has no heart by day,
And change that finds fair cheeks and leaves them grey,
And weariness that keeps awake for hire,
And grief that says what pleasure used to say;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of bought kisses. This is sore,
A burden without fruit in childbearing;
Between the nightfall and the dawn threescore,
Threescore between the dawn and evening.
The shuddering in thy lips, the shuddering
In thy sad eyelids tremulous like fire,
Makes love seem shameful and a wretched thing.
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of sweet speeches. Nay, kneel down,
Cover thy head, and weep; for verily
These market-men that buy thy white and brown
In the last days shall take no thought for thee.
In the last days like earth thy face shall be,
Yea, like sea-marsh made thick with brine and mire,
Sad with sick leavings of the sterile sea.
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of long living. Thou shalt fear
Waking, and sleeping mourn upon thy bed;
And say at night "Would God the day were here,"
And say at dawn "Would God the day were dead."
With weary days thou shalt be clothed and fed,
And wear remorse of heart for thine attire,
Pain for thy girdle and sorrow upon thine head;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of bright colours. Thou shalt see
Gold tarnished, and the grey above the green;
And as the thing thou seest thy face shall be,
And no more as the thing beforetime seen.
And thou shalt say of mercy "It hath been,"
And living, watch the old lips and loves expire,
And talking, tears shall take thy breath between;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of sad sayings. In that day
Thou shalt tell all thy days and hours, and tell
Thy times and ways and words of love, and say
How one was dear and one desirable,
And sweet was life to hear and sweet to smell,
But now with lights reverse the old hours retire
And the last hour is shod with fire from hell;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of four seasons. Rain in spring,
White rain and wind among the tender trees;
A summer of green sorrows gathering,
Rank autumn in a mist of miseries,
With sad face set towards the year, that sees
The charred ash drop out of the dropping pyre,
And winter wan with many maladies;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of dead faces. Out of sight
And out of love, beyond the reach of hands,
Changed in the changing of the dark and light,
They walk and weep about the barren lands
Where no seed is nor any garner stands,
Where in short breaths the doubtful days respire,
And time's turned glass lets through the sighing sands;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of much gladness. Life and lust
Forsake thee, and the face of thy delight;
And underfoot the heavy hour strews dust,
And overhead strange weathers burn and bite;
And where the red was, lo the bloodless white,
And where the truth was, the likeness of a liar,
And where the day was, the likeness of the night;
This is the end of every man's desire.
Princes, and ye whom pleasure quickeneth,
Heed well this rhyme before your pleasure tire;
For life is sweet, but after life is death.
This is the end of every man's desire.
Your enemy’s friend is your enemy.
I am nobody.
What a pity that youth must be wasted on the young.
Wise fool
Truth is honey, which is bitter.
I can resist anything but temptation.
All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.
I must be cruel to be kind.
The earth that’s nature’s mother is her tomb; What is her burying grave, that is Rainbow in her womb…
The child is father of the man…
Save money by spending it.
If I know one thing, it's that I know nothing.
This is the beginning of the end.
Deep down, you're really shallow.
I'm a compulsive liar.
Men work together whether they work together or apart.
What a pity that youth must be wasted on the young.
I can resist anything but temptation.
A rich man is no richer than a beggar.
I'm a liar. How do you know if I'm telling the truth?
Don't go near the water until you've learned to swim.
If a person says about himself that he always lies, is that the truth or a lie??? 
The man who wrote such a stupid sentence cannot write at all.
Nobody goes to that restaurant, it's too crowded. 
Dark knows daylight. 
Extreme rationalism, by 'seeing through' all 'rational' motives, leaves us creatures of wholly irrational behavior. 
Freedom is not doing what you want, freedom is wanting to do what you have to do ... this kind of freedom is always rooted in practiced habit. 
To believe with certainty we must begin with doubting. 
Each new power won by man (over nature) is a power over man as well. Each advance leaves him weaker as well as stronger. 
The final rule you need to remember is to ignore all rules.
The second sentence is false. The first sentence is true.
All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.
Nobody goes to Murphy’s Bar anymore — it’s too crowded.
A time traveler goes back in time and murders his own great-grandfather.
I close my eyes so I can see.
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.
It’s weird not to be weird.
Life is a preparation for the future; and the best preparation for the future is to live as if there were none.
My only love sprung from my only hate!
To be natural is such a very difficult pose to keep up.
I can resist everything except temptation.
If down here I chance to die,
Solemnly I beg you take
All that is left of "I"
To the Hills for old sake's sake,
Pack me very thoroughly
In the ice that used to slake
Pegs I drank when I was dry --
This observe for old sake's sake.
To the railway station hie,
There a single ticket take
For Umballa -- goods-train -- I
Shall not mind delay or shake.
I shall rest contentedly
Spite of clamor coolies make;
Thus in state and dignity
Send me up for old sake's sake.
Next the sleepy Babu wake,
Book a Kalka van "for four."
Few, I think, will care to make
Journeys with me any more
As they used to do of yore.
I shall need a "special" break --
Thing I never took before --
Get me one for old sake's sake.
After that -- arrangements make.
No hotel will take me in,
And a bullock's back would break
'Neath the teak and leaden skin
Tonga ropes are frail and thin,
Or, did I a back-seat take,
In a tonga I might spin, --
Do your best for old sake's sake.
After that -- your work is done.
Recollect a Padre must
Mourn the dear departed one --
Throw the ashes and the dust.
Don't go down at once. I trust
You will find excuse to "snake
Three days' casual on the bust."
Get your fun for old sake's sake.
I could never stand the Plains.
Think of blazing June and May
Think of those September rains
Yearly till the Judgment Day!
I should never rest in peace,
I should sweat and lie awake.
Rail me then, on my decease,
To the Hills for old sake's sake.
Kneel down, fair Love, and fill thyself with tears,
Girdle thyself with sighing for a girth
Upon the sides of mirth,
Cover thy lips and eyelids, let thine ears
Be filled with rumour of people sorrowing;
Make thee soft raiment out of woven sighs
Upon the flesh to cleave,
Set pains therein and many a grievous thing,
And many sorrows after each his wise
For armlet and for gorget and for sleeve.
O Love's lute heard about the lands of death,
Left hanged upon the trees that were therein;
O Love and Time and Sin,
Three singing mouths that mourn now underbreath,
Three lovers, each one evil spoken of;
O smitten lips wherethrough this voice of mine
Came softer with her praise;
Abide a little for our lady's love.
The kisses of her mouth were more than wine,
And more than peace the passage of her days.
O Love, thou knowest if she were good to see.
O Time, thou shalt not find in any land
Till, cast out of thine hand,
The sunlight and the moonlight fail from thee,
Another woman fashioned like as this.
O Sin, thou knowest that all thy shame in her
Was made a goodly thing;
Yea, she caught Shame and shamed him with her kiss,
With her fair kiss, and lips much lovelier
Than lips of amorous roses in late spring.
By night there stood over against my bed
Queen Venus with a hood striped gold and black,
Both sides drawn fully back
From brows wherein the sad blood failed of red,
And temples drained of purple and full of death.
Her curled hair had the wave of sea-water
And the sea's gold in it.
Her eyes were as a dove's that sickeneth.
Strewn dust of gold she had shed over her,
And pearl and purple and amber on her feet.
Upon her raiment of dyed sendaline
Were painted all the secret ways of love
And covered things thereof,
That hold delight as grape-flowers hold their wine;
Red mouths of maidens and red feet of doves,
And brides that kept within the bride-chamber
Their garment of soft shame,
And weeping faces of the wearied loves
That swoon in sleep and awake wearier,
With heat of lips and hair shed out like flame.
The tears that through her eyelids fell on me
Made mine own bitter where they ran between
As blood had fallen therein,
She saying; Arise, lift up thine eyes and see
If any glad thing be or any good
Now the best thing is taken forth of us;
Even she to whom all praise
Was as one flower in a great multitude,
One glorious flower of many and glorious,
One day found gracious among many days:
Even she whose handmaiden was Love--to whom
At kissing times across her stateliest bed
Kings bowed themselves and shed
Pale wine, and honey with the honeycomb,
And spikenard bruised for a burnt-offering;
Even she between whose lips the kiss became
As fire and frankincense;
Whose hair was as gold raiment on a king,
Whose eyes were as the morning purged with flame,
Whose eyelids as sweet savour issuing thence.
Then I beheld, and lo on the other side
My lady's likeness crowned and robed and dead.
Sweet still, but now not red,
Was the shut mouth whereby men lived and died.
And sweet, but emptied of the blood's blue shade,
The great curled eyelids that withheld her eyes.
And sweet, but like spoilt gold,
The weight of colour in her tresses weighed.
And sweet, but as a vesture with new dyes,
The body that was clothed with love of old.
Ah! that my tears filled all her woven hair
And all the hollow bosom of her gown--
Ah! that my tears ran down
Even to the place where many kisses were,
Even where her parted breast-flowers have place,
Even where they are cloven apart--who knows not this?
Ah! the flowers cleave apart
And their sweet fills the tender interspace;
Ah! the leaves grown thereof were things to kiss
Ere their fine gold was tarnished at the heart.
Ah! in the days when God did good to me,
Each part about her was a righteous thing;
Her mouth an almsgiving,
The glory of her garments charity,
The beauty of her bosom a good deed,
In the good days when God kept sight of us;
Love lay upon her eyes,
And on that hair whereof the world takes heed;
And all her body was more virtuous
Than souls of women fashioned otherwise.
Now, ballad, gather poppies in thine hands
And sheaves of brier and many rusted sheaves
Rain-rotten in rank lands,
Waste marigold and late unhappy leaves
And grass that fades ere any of it be mown;
And when thy bosom is filled full thereof
Seek out Death's face ere the light altereth,
And say "My master that was thrall to Love
Is become thrall to Death."
Bow down before him, ballad, sigh and groan.
But make no sojourn in thy outgoing;
For haply it may be
That when thy feet return at evening
Death shall come in with thee.
I hid my heart in a nest of roses,
Out of the sun's way, hidden apart;
In a softer bed than the soft white snow's is,
Under the roses I hid my heart.
Why would it sleep not? why should it start,
When never a leaf of the rose-tree stirred?
What made sleep flutter his wings and part?
Only the song of a secret bird.
Lie still, I said, for the wind's wing closes,
And mild leaves muffle the keen sun's dart;
Lie still, for the wind on the warm seas dozes,
And the wind is unquieter yet than thou art.
Does a thought in thee still as a thorn's wound smart?
Does the fang still fret thee of hope deferred?
What bids the lips of thy sleep dispart?
Only the song of a secret bird.
The green land's name that a charm encloses,
It never was writ in the traveller's chart,
And sweet on its trees as the fruit that grows is,
It never was sold in the merchant's mart.
The swallows of dreams through its dim fields dart,
And sleep's are the tunes in its tree-tops heard;
No hound's note wakens the wildwood hart,
Only the song of a secret bird.
In the world of dreams I have chosen my part,
To sleep for a season and hear no word
Of true love's truth or of light love's art,
Only the song of a secret bird.
They spoke of Progress spiring round,
Of light and Mrs Humphrey Ward-
It is not true to say I frowned,
Or ran about the room and roared;
I might have simply sat and snored-
I rose politely in the club
And said, `I feel a little bored;
Will someone take me to a pub?'
The new world's wisest did surround
Me; and it pains me to record
I did not think their views profound,
Or their conclusions well assured;
The simple life I can't afford,
Besides, I do not like the grub-
I want a mash and sausage, `scored'-
Will someone take me to a pub?
I know where Men can still be found,
Anger and clamorous accord,
And virtues growing from the ground,
And fellowship of beer and board,
And song, that is a sturdy cord,
And hope, that is a hardy shrub,
And goodness, that is God's last word-
Will someone take me to a pub?
Prince, Bayard would have smashed his sword
To see the sort of knights you dub-
Is that the last of them-O Lord
Will someone take me to a pub?
LET others prate of Greece and Rome,
And towns where they may never be,
The muse should wander nearer home.
My country is enough for me;
Her wooded hills that watch the sea,
Her inland miles of springing corn,
At Macedon or Barrakee—
I love the land where I was born.
On Juliet smile the autumn stars
And windswept plains by Winchelsea,
In summer on their sandy bars
Her rivers loiter languidly.
Where singing waters fall and flee
The gullied ranges dip to Lorne
With musk and gum and myrtle tree—
I love the land where I was born.
The wild things in her tangles move
As blithe as fauns in Sicily,
Where Melbourne rises roof by roof
The tall ships serve her at the quay,
And hers the yoke of liberty
On stalwart shoulders lightly worn,
Where thought and speech and prayer are free—
I love the land where I was born.
Princes and lords of high degree,
Smile, and we fling you scorn for scorn,
In hope and faith and memory
I love the land where I was born.
Tethered  to Life by Virtue
To go back to the beginning  seems similar to piecing together
the phylogeny of our speciation
Then even more enlightened knowing that we met juxtaposed another  predestined quest, desegregation
But the collage begins to appear  as it did before from the vat of life's
Large gratuitous phylactery
And still as euphoric and soothing,  and like the craft of Faberge', still
somewhat of a romantic mystery
I was glad to hear that the other day, you were  pushed by a heart empathetic
And compassionate as well as zealous
And I realized I still had part of it, which ranged from botanical
To political to religious
When I think back to the days of swings  at Alice Keith, sitting by the waters at
Sabine Pass, it can seem facetious
But watching the stars in their serious but frolicsome nature, I realize it  wasn't really at all that capricious
Even now when I close my eyes, I can  hear the ballads you sang from 'Silent Night'   to the many whys of martyrdom
And realize that those whys are answered
With a most efficacious persistence
Which is why I call you an Otradom
I hear the guttural hymns of the winds  after having benevolently fostered  the sun back into the morning skies
Birds sing out the order of ascent,
Canines beckon their neighbors,
Kids sit abreast; one laughs, one cries
At the beginning of the season, you fashioned my heart, the greatest gift of the virtuous knight
And by the end of the summer, those  wounds had formed a crest, and created  a greater sight
The day I heard that the throes of life was a simple appendix, I rejoiced with  hallelujah
And after touring with Motley Crew,
Luther Vandrose and the Guys only  widened my panorama
There are really 'no good guys or bad guys'
as the song so eloquently says
I only wished I had written this years ago,  and wished you happier days
Like the prayer Otradom PeloGo,  the love you shared helped me through the days  my mind was in a martial disposition
And I now realize that its only  more venerated with judicial  interposition
It wasn't until the time we spent  in San Diego, that I realized
that my heart was not only wanton but  obstinate
And that when the other half was joined to it, it became complete as well as  immaculate
As we sailed the waters to Sapporo,  and danced with the children from igloo  to ice castle
The fact that I'm glad that half of my hearts is still in Misawa is regaling  as well as veritable
Its sometimes takes more than words to express the love between me and you
Therefore it's the last wish on the list,  one that means the constituents are
not only coupled with love, but also  tethered with virtue
Even after the semester ends, traveling  around the world seems to only extend  the trek, not allay
Then is embraced with affection while playing scrabble with Joe and Alta Mae
Then walking through an extravaganza  of memories books toys and clothes, so  fastidiously keen
While sorting out the favorite pictures of
Charles, Jay and Arlene
While sitting with Joshua, Solomon,  and Desiree, I realized life can  be so enigmatic as well as  eleemosynary
So I only advise applying  prudence as well as virtue when deciding
which hand delivered the one called Billy
The advise I've gotten from friends and family has only made me wise  as I brood and roam
And although there is only one place  we can call ours, there are a million we can call home
There are times I wonder how things will turn  out, how we're going to make it
Then there are times that I can easily
overcome when just  thinking about
walking through the Big Thicket
Even now I feel that because we can  overcome the past makes life as simple  as walking on black ice
And although it my never be perfect,
It's the effort, which I've seen, which  makes it a worthy price
As we ran like children from the Aqua
Festival, Lake Travis, and even to  the top of the Austin dam
Only to become more exhilarated as we  raced through the streets of Korea  as guests of  Uncle Sam
I still set things on fire, and promise to keep such an expensive point of view
And after the fourteen years of going  through it all, I still promise to keep such an expensive I love you
After flying the ferrous wings of wisdom   from here to the heart of the Oakland  and San Francisco Bay
I've learned to love all things, respect all things,  and call all things except you and me
Go Pe (God's People)
Most of the time I would like to be  pragmatic, rational, but I desire
for you that part of  my heart remain  contumacious
And desire for us, that it remains open,   loyal, virtuous, and yet ostentatious
Your eyes are the colour of water
but it is completely frozen over
and there is no way into your vision
unless I somehow warm you up first
Alas, that is something I can't do
unless you're willing to let yourself go
and press your body against my body
in hopes that the sparks will make a fire
So until our bones lie in the ground
I will have a fire inside of me
and it is burning like Andromeda
just because you aren't here for me
but I wonder, if you come around
will I want to burn for you much more?
I have always written my Poems
In Verses that do Rhyme and Scan,
Now I have discovered I can write,
Blank Verse with no Rhyme ~ but with Scan.
Words they stream into my Mind,
As line-by-line and word-by-word,
Onto this pad they get written,
At four twenty in the morn ~ fast and slow.
Besides the pain in my left leg,
Was it also hunger that awoke me,
Two glasses of milk I have taken
And now I am ready for my bed.
But, will I sleep ~ LORD will YOU let me?
I shall always acknowledge YOU,
Please let me rest my body,
And delay the words YOU are sending me anew.
Another cup of milk and I rest my pen,
Back to bed to rest my soul,
Give it back to me when I awaken,
Hopefully in the morn after ten.
Seems all my days of late
Are spent in doubt
Regrettin’ what I done
Wonderin’ how to get out
Y’see a while ago
I made a big mistake
Now I’m wishing it’s a dream
Please Lord, let me wake
This awful thing I done
Was while my beau was gone
I started to forget him
And had myself some fun
I met this hot distraction
Things started getting’ hot
Before I cleared my head
This man has got me caught
So I made my bed with him
He rubbed me right and how
Until my beau got home
What I gonna tell him now?
I told my beau the truth
He dumped me and fast
So I stayed with the hottie
But the love didn’t last
I was missing my beau
The worse things got
I tried to get him back
But my beau he told me off
Seems all my days of late
Are spent in doubt
Regrettin’ what I done
Wonderin’ how to get out.
The Muse has fled the empty mind,
The pen has stilled, the words are gone.
Inspiration is sadly lacking
A creative dark cloud settles in.
What's the good of writing blind,
When all conclusions are foregone?
How many trees give up their lives
To find the story from within?
Ideas, not so elusive now,
Flirt within the writer's mind.
With pen and paper set the snare,
Trap the Muse and wear her skin.
The story's written and refined,
Once again creation's pawn.
Her older sister dared her to
pick up the armored crawly bug
and hold it in her tiny hand.
The small girl carefully complied.
Her frown turned up into a smile
of glee as her confidence grew
changing her face into the glow
of a delighted elfin bride.
Wet and slick from the grassy dew
the round insect rolled right up tight,
defense to fend off foe, a new
magic prince for her fairy land!
The impish buck toothed tot at two
had bravely taken up command.
Each side of the wire, people
At the people gawk.
Mutual senseless digesting!
Afar, a bored squawk.
Manure's smell goes hand in hand
With what air of fear
O'erpowers, stops the hooved crowd
From getting too near.
Do I even enjoy to perceive sound?
Scraggy screams wheedling melodia
Qualms to skeletal village women
New scrawny life in ruins presented
A gaunt village woman giving birth
The only civic hospital closed
My lowly hamlet bizarrely on the breadline
Impecunious hospital Closed down for no water
Water so crude a creation free to honor
Free work of Godly wisdom man get hold of
From the gradient of the prickly hills
My village in cataclysmic need
My village a globule high-priced to cost
A piteous unripe maim woman in labor
The mid-wives gather, a baby is being born
A life on the agenda, more problems stockpile
Advice it to cudgel, to persevere onto the womb
The ambiance in there so fine, my own experience
The womb able-bodied, hundred times the orb
A world in my village, awfully callous for green life
Unsympathetic, dull-witted for a life being born.
Raucously it screams in angst
An indication of a healthy landing
Generation increased, village Father's working hard
Village hygiene so poor, myself a village boy
Boy so malnutrition-ed, moreover slim and weak to obese
Obese I adore, how quick round and corpulent to be
It's not my wish, Over slim'd I am to the marrow
Food a vision a dream, a fantasy, an illusion, a miss
Quenching in drops, stagnant is the village water
Rain collected earth water, too green to quench wild
Green for sewage dirt, illiterates don't believe in latrine
Bush excretion is habitual, custom aver nucleus rostrum
Rain water bath the ground, exposing illiterate's secrets.
Culture so strict, awaken boy between bamboozled ago
Rain gathers green dirt at traditional collection
Dirt has avenue, in village ignored by representatives
A boorish man on the wing with links in high place
My village forgotten since ancestor's migrating fatigue
Enervating made ancestor inhabit birthing my problems
As usual we quench the hot sun, a drink enticing sickness
A new life has come to the village
Babe-in-arms is a girl, men are down in the dumps
The father of it so wide a smile
A sure warning sign of a well groomed dowry
A son like me is too expensive to educate
A girl is just to marry and enrich
To feed and to quench is for husband
It's not my aspiration, bona fide expression attested.
Bloodsucking vampire too harsh round the clock
Malaria sickness a routine, no cure for no hospital
Medicine left to herbalists cocktail concoction
Too bitter for anyone to gulp down on hungry abdomen
Scrawny screams prolong in harmony materializing melodia
I the village boy troubled for change, ignorance oodles
The representative too informed yet ignorance is twin
Girls round orb empowered to equal village boys on education
Village Men still tightening their belts, working to find dowry
Grand Mothers still sharpen blunt knifes to carry mutilation
Boys now leaving classroom for hunting and animal rustle
Police killing with bullets as youthful bodies role in dust
Unapologetic the commander is, attitude of the representative
Over and done long enough, do I abhor to be a boy in this village?
These carefree spirits,
thrive on the weak minds
Who falls prey to superstition,
they believe in.
Ah, these poor chaps,
they know not,
That these so called saints,
will suck their blood,
And will take them to task,
by creating smoke screens,
And will make life miserable,
making return uphill task,
And till the time they live,
will serve as unpaid slaves,
Do not follow them blindly,
Into a tunnel which has no lights.
Long live the freedom newly found
Far below has been left the ground,
Drinking the elixir of liberalization,
Have we forgotten all human sensations?
Live and let others live, motto we had
Our prosperity we often used,
For not so lucky as ordained
By culture & sacraments we had gained.
Liberated now is our greed for wealth,
No one is left to repose the faith,
In moral values like selflessness,
Really oh God, we are in a mess.
It's time wake up for liberalization
From grred to keep-up our traditions.
Beware oh teachers and also professors
You both must have to always remember
That by saction xx of our constitution
We have made knowledge's nationalization.
We are storing it now in bank Reserve
We warn you dears that you will deserve
A penalty for govt orders' contempt
In 3 days your knowledge you 've to deposit.
In the metropolitan knowledge godown
And with it you will give an affidavit
That you will accept death as penal action
If from syllabi your teaching deviates.
Beware of artists sons of imagery
Here we appoint a team of juries.
To judge your art in a new balance
With nationalization as it's fence.
So beware oh artists, bear in mind
Produce art pieces with specialization,
Not insulting the laws of the nation.
The ideals for art pieces you have to find
With the consent of high power commtt,
Which will contain specialized people,
Who will be defamed sons of brutality
Who can destroy you with a browbit only.
Oh peaches store ample beauty aids
Thus, for a long your charm you can guard.
Beware oh glamour aided by beauty aids
We are nationalizing them within short period.
Monopoly then will be with the government
Officials will decide the cream for you best.
Lip sticks will be kept then in State Banks
Talcs will be found with treasury's trade mark.
You have to apply then for every beauty aid
Straight to the justices with tiny bench.
The quota of your cloths will be sanctioned
On recommendations of anti beauty branch.
So now is come our joyful'st feast,
Let every man be jolly.
Each room with ivy leaves is drest,
And every post with holly.
Though some churls at our mirth repine,
Round your foreheads garlands twine,
Drown sorrow in a cup of wine,
And let us all be merry.
Now all our neighbors' chimneys smoke,
And Christmas blocks are burning;
Their ovens they with bak'd-meats choke,
And all their spits are turning.
Without the door let sorrow lie,
And if for cold it hap to die,
We'll bury 't in a Christmas pie,
And evermore be merry.
Now every lad is wondrous trim,
And no man minds his labor;
Our lasses have provided them
A bag-pipe and a tabor.
Young men and maids and girls and boys
Give life to one another's joys,
And you anon shall by their noise
Perceive that they are merry.
Rank misers now do sparing shun,
Their hall of music soundeth,
And dogs thence with whole shoulders run,
So all things there aboundeth.
The country folk themselves advance,
For crowdy-mutton's come out of France.
And Jack shall pipe and Jill shall dance,
And all the town be merry.
Ned Swash hath fetch'd his bands from pawn,
And all his best apparel;
Brisk Nell hath bought a ruff of lawn
With droppings of the barrel;
And those that hardly all the year
Had bread to eat or rags to wear,
Will have both clothes and dainty fare,
And all the day be merry.
Now poor men to the justices
With capons make their arrants,
And if they hap to fail of these
They plague them with their warrants.
But now they feed them with good cheer,
And what they want they take in beer,
For Christmas comes but once a year,
And then they shall be merry.
Good farmers in the country nurse
The poor, that else were undone.
Some landlords spend their money worse,
On lust and pride at London.
There the roisters they do play,
Drab and dice their land away,
Which may be ours another day;
And therefore let's be merry.
The client now his suit forbears,
The prisoner's heart is eased,
The debtor drinks away his cares,
And for the time is pleased.
Though others' purses be more fat,
Why should we pine or grieve at that?
Hang sorrow, care will kill a cat,
And therefore let's be merry.
Hark how the wags abroad do call
Each other forth to rambling;
Anon you'll see them in the hall
For nuts and apples scrambling.
Hark how the roofs with laughters sound!
Anon they'll think the house goes round,
For they the cellar's depth have found,
And there they will be merry.
The wenches with their wassail bowls
About the streets are singing,
The boys are come to catch the owls,
The wild mare in is bringing.
Our kitchen boy hath broke his box,
And to the dealing of the ox
Our honest neighbors come by flocks,
And here they will be merry.
Now kings and queens poor sheepcotes have,
And mate with everybody;
The honest now may play the knave,
And wise men play at noddy.
Some youths will now a-mumming go,
Some others play at rowlandhoe,
And twenty other gameboys moe,
Because they will be merry.
Then wherefore in these merry days
Should we, I pray, be duller?
No, let us sing some roundelays
To make our mirth the fuller.
And, whilst thus inspir'd we sing,
Let all the streets with echoes ring,
Woods and hills and everything,
Bear witness we are merry.
She decided that she had to work on writing better ledes for her newspaper articles.
I found a gold coin on the playground after school today.
She broke the pot two hours after she bought it.
We still have a couple of big decisions to make.
Looking at the last few lessons, I see we have made some real improvements.
The coffee shop didn't have liquid sugar for her iced tea, so she had to use sugar packets.
The antique store was not like any antique store she had seen before in her life.
She was extremely sick of writing cover letters.
Running along the golf course, she tripped and twisted her ankle.
They had to decide between buying diapers and buying ramen to feed themselves.
She tried to be as vague as possible when she was on the phone with her mom, but sometimes she forgot and gave specific details.
Everyone who goes to expensive gyms likes to wear the same all-black outfits.
The cactus was turning yellow around the edges.
Teach a boy to fish and he gets bored quickly and plays with the worms instead.
she’s lying or at least not telling the entire truth.
It was excruciating.
Should you decide to act upon this latter suggestion
In order to facilitate our future transactions
We remain, gentlemen, with thanks
We shall be glad to render you any assistance in our power
Reluctant as we are to believe
Promptly on receipt of your telegram
In compliance with your request, we are pleased to send to you
Owing to our inability to collect out-standing debts
Believing you will answer this promptly
Regretting our inability to serve you in the present instance
We are at your service at all times
We trust that you will give this matter your immediate attention
Let me thank you for the opportunity
We take the liberty of writing to you.
In regard to your proposition
If there is any valid reason why you are unable
In reference to your application
Referring to your esteemed favor
As we have received no response from you
We have found it impossible
Answering your recent inquiry
We suggest that you consider
We ask for a continuance of your confidence
If there is any valid reason why you are unable
We hope that an understanding can be reached
to water, cloudlike on the bush afar,
shall yet be glad for him, and he shall bless
on its windy site uplifting gabled roof and palisade,
(if haply the dark will of fate
jehovah, jove, or lord!
when the brow is cold as the marble stone,
taking and giving radiance, and the slopes
press hard the hostile towers!
his head is bowed. he thinks on men and kings.
with england if the day go hard,
turn in the door once and turn once only
and ever the rocks' disdain;
that to the next i may resign my roome
and all the honors that he sought to leave
a level space of nameless graves,--
from his lady's white hand caught;
a orn'ment o' saciety, in my approprut spear:
for ever, if that maiden sits enshrined
to feel, with bird and stream and tree,
with ten picked archers of my train;
let fall on her a rose-leaf rain of dreams,
then ens is represented as father of the predicaments his ten
and politician at odd seasons.
the dusky daughter of the sun,--
stood and watched it at the doorway,
while brain wore a plumeless casque; not he
what though the claret circled well,
the garrison-house stood watching on the gray rocks of cape ann;
alas! their right to joy is plain.
did all of them bow downward towards that side
the bronze against the marble breast!
that in their holes abed at close of day
with his thoughts then, as rhyme to rhyme.
at last, outbound from tunis,
and sleigh-bells a-jingle
why write i still all one, ever the same,
their very peaks transparent. 'ere it fade,'
soon ez she gits out o' sight,
of common, natural things a part,
alone went the fair-armed gudrun to her flowery garden-close;
lift up the favour of thy count'nance bright.
breathe deep, and start, to see him pass the door.
of things that only children see
and i greet from far the ray,
all passionate-sweet, as are the loving beams
they still keep piping in their honey dreams,
now betimes on a morning of summer that giuki's daughter arose,
which 'mongst the wanton gods a foul reproach was held.
ere i own an usurper i'll couch with the fox;
nor can express the love it knew,
where its first shadow casts the holy mountain;
might, looking up, see dian dip
no controversial hebraist was the dame;
will seek the half unjeweled tide,
or dying wail!
turn'd back the shafts, and mock'd the gates of death,
an angel had not startled him,
the quakers' burial-ground.
and sate as thus upon that slope of lawn
whose voices, hushed, have left our pathway lonely,
on us lift up the light
each lodger here adorns the walls:
i kin eat in peace.
in yonder green meadow, to memory dear,
tell me, the charms that lovers seek
the second signal sounds, the troop divides
this hot, sick air! and how i covet here
abominations; and with cursed things
how the white mountain-tops distinctly shine,
from the bed of minnehaha,
then loosen, launch forth, to go and compete,
with its chang'd countenance, is sent away
i envy the farmer's boy
and ever a thrill in mine inmost heart
still in hot and heavy splashes fell the tears on every leaf.
strong tarchon snatchâ€™d and bore away his prize.
under the self-same bough, and heard as there
was borne within the walls which, in assyrian rite,
and at my door they cower and die.
weak, timid, homesick, slow to understand
in order, though to nations yet unborn,
she of the rugged sides--
but no tidings thread the gloom,
and in some deep and narrow bay then sleeps
who's we?--some stockholders in boston?
with pale blue berries. in these peaceful shades--
it flows so long as falls the rain,
and that is why, the lonesome day,
when i peruse the conquered fame of heroes, and the victories of mighty generals, i do not envy the generals,
of inward strife for truth and liberty.
the red sword sealed their vows!
and very venus of a pipe.
who the man, who, called a brother.
and so on. then a worthless gaud or two,
to hide the orb of truth--and every throne
the call's more urgent when he journeys slow.
with the _quart d'heure_ of rabelais!
and match, and bend, and thorough-blend, in her colossal form and face.
have i played in different countries.
tells us that the day is ended."
and not alone by gold;
that has a charmingly bourbon air.
sounded o'er earth and sea its blast of war,
chief poet on the tiber-side
as under a sunbeam a cloud ascends,
brightly expressive as the twins of leda,
of night, and all things now retir'd to rest
in latmian fountains long ago.
in monumental pomp! no grecian drop
and when they reached the house,
then this old orchard, sloping to the west;
so prythee get thee gone.
the other dark-eyed dears
me honied paths forsake;
to that mysterious strand.
wid a song up on de way.
her visions and those we have seen,--
he sat beside the governor and said grace;
fifty times the brahmins' offer deluged all the floor.
and what are all the prizes won
made snow of all the blossoms; at my feet
he never told us what he was,
want and woe, which torture us,
a ruby, and a pearl, or so,
an echo returned on the cold gray morn,
he says he’s hungry,—he would rather have
while i, ... i built up follies like a wall
and then he shut his little eyes,
ah, what a pang of aching sharp surprise
and gladys said,
peep timidly from out its nest,
the oriole's fledglings fifty times
the hostile cohorts melt away;
and the old swallow-haunted barns,--
from god's design, with threads of rain!
how over, though, for even me who knew
warped into adamantine fretwork, hung
wilt thou forget the love that joined us here?
the which she bearing home it burned her nest,
have roughened in the gales!
pilgrim and soldier, saint and sage,
down in the west upon the ocean floor
what did you hear, for instance? willis said.
should favour equal to the sons of heaven:
some, not so large, in rings,--
the crown of sorrow on their heads, their loss
the eternal law,
and lips where heavenly smiles would hang and blend
we're a band!" said the weary big dragoon.
fu' to ba' de battle's brunt.
and brief related whom they brought, wher found,
i lay and watched the lonely gloom;
honour to the bugle-horn!
a sceptre,--monstrous, winged, intolerable.
max laid his hand upon the old man's arm,
when on the boughs the purple buds expand,
if the pure and holy angels
endymion would have passed across the mead
upon the thought of perfect noon. and when
thy hands all cunning arts that women prize.
reasoning to admiration, and with mee
while the rude winds blow off each shadowy crown.
the former, as the slacken’d reins he drew
she falls back from the freedom she had hoped."
then--i would gather it, to thee unaware,
amidst the gold and the purple, and the pillows of his bed:
all hastening onward, yet none seemed to know
the wheat-blade whispers of the sheaf.
but o, nevermore can we prison him tight.
under these leafy vaults and walls,
(distinctly here the spirit sneezed,)
it shines superior on a throne of gold:
around it cling.
may meditate a whole youth's loss,
i'm safe enlisted fer the war,
whom phoebus taught unerring prophecy,
when thee, the eyes of that harsh long ago
flutter,
a way that safely will my passage guide.”
and breaths were gathering sure
you have done this, says one judge; done that, says another;
in their archetypes endure.
returne, the starres of morn shall see him rise
brown-gabled, long, and full of seams
the foes inclosing, and his friend pursued,
the tribute of this verse.
take the warm welcome of new friends with thee,
augmented, sweet, a hundred fold
in some lady's gyahden.
and bow to dread inquisitor and worship lords of dust;
its temples and its palaces did seem
but i, or any demmercrat, feels comf'table to stan' on,
miles off, three dangerous miles, is home;
every day a rich reward will give;
else, suffer’d, it will set the heart on fire,
who, never looking forward, are indeed
gay little heart!
while from his hand i squeeze the golden prize,
among the sources of thy glorious streams,
as when i read in god's own holy book.
and while before me, spotted with white sails,
yet that whip's name too noble
i'm comin', ed.
what gods, what madness, hither steer’d your course?
and raised their eyes above,
it spoils me for the smiling of the rest’—
yearns to its source. the spirit thirsts for god,
that wisdom's lips seemed borrowing friendship's heart.
the oil upon the puddles dries
snows hide his shoulders; from beneath his chin
when the glance hast lost its beam;
best gems of nature's cabinet,
as round some giant hive, all day and night,
whether they met on festal eve, in field,
who cometh over the hills,
in the shadow of the shores; as dead leaves wake,
touch it: the marble eyelids are not wet--
oh, say, is he, the eternal, there?
the blessed memory of thy worth
from his own tripod, and his holy tree;
i sate down beneath the beech
a million torches lighted by thy hand
thy sleep makes ridiculous.
whose potent unity and concentric force
of peace? it is thy father's name. thy life
now, if thou art a poet, tell me not
who stood in expectation by,
mine eyes were of their madness half beguiled,
jes heavy 'nough to turn a scale thet's doubtfle the wrong way,
you sha' n't roll yo' eyes at me.
case dey nevah tech a drouf.
it will be spring again.
mine are calm and tranquil days,
sang as little children sing;
the things it wrought on; i believe
from flight, seditious angel, to receave
what once has been and ne'er shall be again,
sky, marsh, my soul, and yonder sail.
thy merited reward, the first assay
except in france; and when it’s found in france,
for the greek must ask elsewhere.
whose anvil's even din
that truthful teacup, our dictator, knows;
when hills are free from snow
uttering bare truth, even so as foes commend.
endu'd with human voice and human sense,
whatever anybody had
is passed, and our aereal speed suspended.
afar the melancholy thunder moaned,
their hate, and selfishness, and pride!
i would don my hose of homespun gray,
an hundred silken cords are set
i have lost the urban ways.
and sorrowful to-day, thy children set
or by some cabin door, a bush
was freedom's home or glory's grave!
save for a cry that echoes shrill
with its close-curling gold, and love revived.
a golden helm his front and head surrounds
but, through the war-cloud, pray to thee
swing, like a ship at anchor, roun' my base,
for peace or rest too well he saw
from her stately place on high.
that passed with you and me.--
sweet hope!
for high, and yet more high, the murmurs swell
let those whom nature hath not made for store,
said, `pass not, so cold, these manifold
the adulterate death of lucrece and her groom.
i would not live alway
the king ordains their entrance, and ascends
very sleepy with the silence.
which clanged along the mountain's marble brow--
it steam in winter like an ox's breath,
in prosperous days. like a dim, waning lamp
jarr'd his own golden region; and before
flood his black hearthstone till its flames expire,
when high i heap it with the weed
the climax of those hopes and duties dear
wait his returning strength.
strove to raise itself in blessing,
nile shall pursue his changeless way:
i must be home by noon-time with the cart.'
both the unseen and the seen;
the poet comes the last!
with many sighs;
where, all the long and lone daylight,
full of the calm that cometh after sleep:
men said, into a smile which guile portended,
still sigurd rides with the brethren, as oft in the other days,
was she not somewhat that he could not rule
gnossian his shafts, and lycian was his bow:
you didn't stop for fuss,--
deaf, and dumb, and blind, and cold,
i'm here--so far--and starting on again.
a different man was brother timothy,
see! neptune’s altars minister their brands:
to match your wit against the maker's will,
absently fingering and touching it,
three hours the first november dawn
ran ever clearer speech than that did run
i say it's someone passing.
the visual nerve is withered to the root,
what hope wouldst thou hope, o sigurd, ere we kiss, we twain, and depart?
there is nothing to hope for, i am tired,
i left the place with all my might, --
let dat cradle swing,
he has no calling and he owns no trade.
as they were loosened by that hermit old,
then rose they up around him,
but because she stept to her star right on through death
an' see a hundred hills like islan's
and i am still the same;
misnames as the dog rosey now.
have seen the danger which i dared not look
and hoping chink, she talked of morts of luck:
the meadows mine, the mountains mine, --
since ferdinand and you begun
i'm always thinkin' long.
ho! philip, send, for charity, thy mexican pistoles,
on to their shining goals:--
glory might burst on us!
what's de use o' gittin' mopy,
yet by experience taught we know how good,
all foredoomed to melt away;
as if she were a woman. we who have clipt
it would be different if more people came,
plucked from the death, wilt thou repay me thus?
a spirit of unresting flame,
the present is enough, for common souls,
hear its low inward singing,
be sure to read it rightly. so, i mused
and keep my senses straightened
three trojans tug at ev’ry lab’ring oar;
mind us of like repose, since god hath set
lift their blue woods in broken chain
in nothing is wanting;
but thrown in a heap with a crush and a clatter;
and kissed him with a sister's kiss,
thou of the god-lent crown,	0
272	like pageantry of mist on an autumnal stream.	0
273	and she said: what dost thou, brynhild? what matter dost thou seek?"
or the bolder art essaying
thither, if but to prie, shall be perhaps
o'er sweet profounds where only love can see.
he smell de bacon cookin', an' he hyeah de fiah hum;
came in slow pomp;--the moving pomp might seem
with peace and soft rapture shall teach life to glow,
but thy tranquil waters teach
smoothing the clustered hair, and parting it
in all that clang and hewing out of men,
her scutcheon shows white with a blazon of red,--
looks, and is dumb with awe;
then oer the rushes flies again,
a thousand rubs had flattened down each little cherub's nose,
a fragrance from the cedars, thickly set
of bright and dark obscurity;
science and song, and all the arts that please;
you turn, o jeanne, on our mystery
a graciousness in giving that doth make
most beauteous isadore!
whose instinct was to listen and obey.
but homesick tears would fill the eyes
already, land! thou hast declared:  'tis done.
with war unhop’d the latians to surprise?
the eyes beside had wrung them dry,
tis the chronicle of art.
that moved in the beginning o'er his face,
and glance securely round.
so that ye for them are made
of course throw monstrous shadows: those who think
he who plays with old iagoo
“why won’t the farm next to it do for you?”
on which an army once did feast,
their country free and joyous--
o sun-hint that hath overspread
the mad briareus of disunion rise,
like your nest,
leading downward to the river,
a tyrian colony; the people made
can storied urn or animated bust:
but she spake: "bid hither gunnar, lest the sun sink o'er the bent,
despised am i by those who call'd me friend
the days pass over me
knowing this, that never yet
no, i won't be seein' nobody in the mornin',
the crack as of her splitting. did she take
i see them torn by gallic guns,
thou feel'st it burning, in and in,--and fear
your paynim heroes faster ride
but all of them are bad enough
_you_ took to follerin' where the prophets beckoned,
godminster? is it fancy's play?
so that my stern resolve was almost gone.
meekly in the eternal footsteps trod,
all along down "injin crik?"
look down the shining peaks of all my days
the wood giant
tinkle, tinkle, sweetly it sung to us,
has it become to thee a labyrinth never ending,
on her changed world of ruin, waste and wrack,
then along the river strand,
these are the tales, or new or old,
for her this rhyme is penned, whose luminous eyes,
like morning glory
the quavering thunder thereupon had ceas'd,
to men below,
they had not set there. who had set it there?
kneeling ne'er spoiled silk stockings; quit thy state;
sometime, when all life's lessons have been learned,
shine knightly star and plume of snow?
he said; and while he spoke, with flying speed
from earth, with the waters of pain.
sent by an hand unseen;
till after-poets only knew
to his aid the strong reverses
and leave the words unspoken i yet have will to speak."
the tablet telling where he "fell on sleep,"--
is writ in moods and frowns and wrinkles strange.
so there on an eve is sigurd in the ancient niblung hall,
good ringers, pull your best," quoth he.
to gather weeds in the regardless stream.
and the lure of what is called heaven is little or nothing to me.
me up like that.  'essence de la valliere'--
but when i read of the brotherhood of lovers, how it was with them;
all these were round my steady paces.
fearless but weary to thy arms i creep;
those cobweb nerves he could not dull within.
with dews of tropic morning wet,
here those that in the rapid course delight,
‘received that cheque.’ but you!... i send you funds
and never be forgot in mighty rome
fooled with your promises,
thy mission to a world of woe.
attend your brother to the stygian flood.”
less often man--the harder of the two.
shining and shouting each to each that place),
and call that brilliant flower the painted cup.
a privilege, i think,
our frowning foemen of the night
of sainthood in purple the pattern and pick,
and bright in heaven's jewelled crown
when, dreadful to behold, from sea we spied
halcyons of memory,
hale as the morn and happy as her song.
and catered for it as the cretan bees
some moment, nailed on sorrow's cross,
and in the air, her new voice luting soft,
with sincerest conviction their chairs to the shore;
my prayer away i threw;
an old smoaked blanket arches oer his head,
the sundown's golden trail?
far, far away, o ye
our saxon tongue has known,--
“the nymph, who scatters flaming fires around,
thus farr to try thee, adam, i was pleas'd,
swifter far than youth's delight--
all autumn pil'd, though spring and autumn here
for 'twas e'en as a great god's slaying, and they feared the wrath of the sky;
but heaven in thy creation did decree,
and i've been like that silly girl.
burns in thee, child?--what good can thee betide,
skins of otter, lynx, and ermine,
to make a body curse.
no, no, you have dismiss'd me; and i go
and full of wonder, full of hope as he.
were murmuring on the stifling air
how poor these pallid phrases seem,
‘these monsters, set out in the open sun,
before the saintly soul, whose human will
and on her ample square from side to side
and hold the hours as joshua stayed the sun,--
he scarce had ended, when those two approachd
blindness like that would scare the mole and bat,
did from the altar steal a smouldering brand,
he whose lot hath been	0
408	our present, our past, our to be,	0
409	now rise and look upon me.  and she rose,
came sages urging on his foamy steed:
is beaten by the winds, with foggy vapours bound.
and finde thee knowing not of beasts alone,
apple-blossoms pink, and low
pride of thy sex, miss harriet martineau!
we’ll say instead, the inconsequent creature, man,—
until the bitter summons fell--
with level wings swinging
lift not your hands in the banded war,
would my heart and life flow onward, deathward, through this dream of
but de lawd is all aroun' you,
in slumber; for thine enemy never sleeps,
to hold it fast.
tain't the words alone, but feelin's,
no angry bolt, but harmless flame.
the beauty and the joy of their renewed might.
oh, those days, so sweet, so happy,
if men are always at a loss
they were wet, and glistened with raindrops, shed
and circling wonders fill the vast profound.
the love that lived through all the stormy past,
but it is not enough, ah! not enough
the pyramids have risen.
of blooming myrtle and faint lemon-flowers,
let us do our work as well,
we hear our mother call from deeps of time,
of brynhilda's love and the wrath of gudrun.
who digs last year's potato hill?--
those hours the ancient timepiece told,--
would split, for size of me.
in just the dress his century wore;
his song, though very sweet, was low and faint,
then to tell.
my winter sports begin.
envy and calumny and hate and pain,
the play is done,--the curtain drops,
and murmured a strange and solemn air;
the cloud is gone that wove the sandstone,
i see little and large sea-dots, some inhabited, some uninhabited;
time never did assuage;
that saw the cross without the bear.
the deer invites no longer
taught by the sorrows that his age had known
like slippers after shoes.--
and willing grow old
to paris, and you make no sign at all.
from the pulpit read the preacher, "goodman garvin and his wife
even hearts estranged would turn once more to me,
the china dustless, the keen knife-blades bright,
was in cremona's workshops made,
an honest tongue may drop a harmless hint.
you shall not find the sons of atreus here,
to intercept the sunshine and your face.
playmates' glad symphony.
her lion-port, her awe-commanding face,
my father’s sister started when she caught
how you sprang! how you threw off the costumes of peace with indifferent hand;
these fly to the heavens--their course never ends,
not in the close successive rattle
a man in the wars delighting, blind-eyed through right and wrong:
--so they feast in the hall of atli, and that eve is the first of the seven.
i turned, and saw behind me surge
to turnus only second in the grace
on winter afternoons,
their heads, distilling gore, his chariot grace.
let sophists give the lie, hearts droop, and courtiers play the worm,
they say that 'time assuages,' --
the story of a spavined steed;
swifter far than happy night,
around my will to link it with her own,
in the worst of his poems are mines of rich matter,
upon sea-beaten cape,
by a great master of the past,
counts his nectars -- enters,
all over the vale below.
while with thy childlike faith we lean
and to the tender heart and brave
a wagon, overarched with evergreen,
upon her sister dear,
around thy place of slumber glowing!
love works at the centre,
obliterate the etchings
of nature's gold and mints it.
shall dwindle, shall blend,
and leaves the world to darkness and to me.
a story of the days of old,
he bent and kissed her head, warm, shining, soft,
and she passed out between the blessed things,
how to observe is what thy pages show,
that satraps would have shivered at his frown,
dey kin talk from hyeah to yandah,
by his sacrifice, foreknown
first, he mused what the animal substance or herb is
harsh, featureless, and rude, barrenly perish:
three banks in three degrees the sailors bore;
and that unrest which men miscall delight,
and friendship's tenderest sympathy
her eye proclaims her of the briton line:
in a dell mid lawny hills,
that thou should'st smile again?"--the evening came,
eliab this occasion seized,
and changing like a poet's rhymes,
my breast was calm as summer's sea
oblivion's blankness claims
when your rights was our wrongs, john,
godminster chimes
nothin' to du but watch my shadder's trace
mere raft of stone;
a spirit, neither here nor there,
tormented by the quickened blood of roots,
and then, to go to sleep;
with passionate longing burning,
where the cloudy hangings waver and the flickering shadows fall,
were i once more the lover
even while we gaze, though it awhile avail
well, i guess i looked at that hand
a man may see the moon so, in a pond,
ah, soul of mine! so brave and wise
the oriole in the elm; the noisy jay,
left the torn human heart, their food and dwelling-place.
once upon a time, i lay
still is my heart and vacant is my breath--
with sharp turns weaving
flew to and fro,
here on the cliff beneath the oleanders
his pass to the majestical far shore.
and virtue's bright image, enstamped on the mind,
then he said "amarant"; and the damsel drew
inexorable death; and claims his right.
trailing, wrecked, it came to land,
...    and call to him.
how seen? how known? as through your glass
(so thick they crowd), 'tis hardly seen.
we were content to show,
young childhood, with a moisten'd eye,
dead among the shouting people,
on their tracks his eyes were fastened,
darling, the merciful father
bird that from the nadir's floor
to touch such goodness with a grimy palm.
the willows, and the hazel copses green,
the likeness of the wood's remembered leaves.
his days in peace; but his straight lips were bent,
for vessels moulded by a mortal hand?
from the slaughtering of my offspring, and the spoiling of my land;
what i have heard,
but laon? on high freedom's desert land
the soul with sweetness, and like an adept
on that shaded day,
no answer came; but faint and forlorn
the lady eunice such a life she flew
and heavy as the dead.
i would not live alway--live alway below!
for suddenly the sweet bells overcame
yon creamy lily for their pavilion
a woman has been strangled with less weight:
appeared to me,--may i again behold it!
howled through the dark, like sounds from hell.
make a fragrance of her fame.
betrayed how mightily its heart was stirred,
overleaning, with flickering meaning and sign,
thy outward thus with outward praise is crowned,
troubling with life the waters of the world.
no man could compete with kwasind.
that by nor sound nor word
when our mother nature laughs around;
from kindling spark struck out from dead king's brow,
and the words which he utters, are--worship, or die!
precisely, at all events, what he ought not,
rang the beautiful wild chimes
first feels the gathering head of steam,
the weird pathetic scarlet of day dawning,
and to thy brief captivity was brought
and listening to thy home's familiar chime
sometimes towards heav'n and the full-blazing sun,
all right,' says t'other, 'only step round smart;
grander, nobler, than that pilot
dearest, why should i mourn, whimper, and whine, i that have yet to live?
in every health we drink, my boys,
but your dead-ripe ones ranges high fer treatin' nothun bretherin;
where holds the soul communion with its god,
so runs the perfect cycle of the year.
the limpid ocean mirrors all the stars,
ashes and jet all hues outshine.
many changes have been run
as childhood's sweet delight.
it is a lie, a damned, infernal lie!
bred onely and completed to the taste
and after that the winter cold and drear.
thus hee in scorn. the warlike angel mov'd,
what flecks the outer gray beyond
does he mean himself, i wonder?	0
752	lull’d in her lap, amidst a train of loves,	1
753	come up like ocean murmurs. but the scene	0
754	and in a pleasing slumber seals his eyes:	1
755	sweet poesy from heaven	1
756	o, i can ne'er forget	0
757	the leprous corpse, touched by this spirit tender,	2
758	ambrosial odours and ambrosial flowers,	0
759	his sweeter voice a just accordance kept.	1
760	false-faces hung on strings,	-1
761	that in their lives such deadly fray they ne'er had seen before.	-1
762	her not-nice load.	-1
763	unhitched the breeching from a shaft,	0
764	tis that one told us it was life. 'for not	0
765	who fishes in the frog-pond still?	0
766	as the gods would i see," said sigurd, "though death light up the land."
which leans over to the lane,
you hardly know when you are coming back,
but the great spirit plants it in our hearts,
nor is he, as some sages swear,
of his faint steed; the latter, as he stretch’d
i strive, i pray.
who god possesseth
these often bathed she in her fluxive eyes,
that you or yours, having an appetite,
the loveliest king of the king-folk, the man of sweetest speech,
and fears are added, and avenging flame.
who felt your own thought worthy of record
and then, if it should be
ez though i wanted to enlist 'em,
behind the sea-wall's rugged length,
how they will tell the shipwreck
tis gone past recalling!
and stiff in fight, but serious drill's despair,
one lucent foot's delaying tip
at his approaching footsteps.  winter came
till the deaf fury comes your house to sweep!'
henceforth to labor's chivalry
i'll be ther in a minit.
but now i see, most cruell hee,
our lives and safeties all;
that little barley-cake you keep from him
our wavering apparitions pass
and ye who attend her imperial car,
on the clear mirror of a loving heart,
how weak this tinkling line,
for that’s his specialty. what creature else
her thoughts are like the lotus
thou wovest dreams of joy and fear,
that, following this slight trace,
but now for me than you—the other way.
who wrote this modest version i suppose
--the drones of the community; they feed
the echoing sounds grow fainter and then cease;
and make the liveliest monkey melancholy.
and, between the river flowing and the fair green trees a-growing,
you'll not want business, for we need a lot
still, upon a flower,
god prosper long our noble king,
where the moloch of slavery sitteth on high,
leave the garden walls, where blow
it's a pretty early start.
he takes you from your easy-chair,
accept the gift which i have wrought
long-drawn bill of wine and beer
a crow dot sat a-squawkin', "i's a mockin'-bird."
a day's experunce 'd prove to ye, ez easy 'z pull a trigger.
euryalus stood list’ning while he spoke,
moonstruck with love, and this still thames had heard
yea, all the world it might be, and all sounds of the earth were stilled
as hebe's foot bore nectar round
till, fur 'z i know, there aint an inch thet i could lay my han' on,
she listening sate.
from alton bay to sandwich dome,
even now eclipses the descending moon!--
some thought of me, a last fond prayer
ode read at the one hundredth anniversary of the fight at concord bridge
for wanderings sad and lone.
and my white cottage--plain.
the message is not like what i have learned
the beacon-light that forth they held
as george commands, let him be wrong or right,
luck obeys the downright striker; from the hollow core,
forever quivering o'er his task,
radiant as moses from the mount, he stood
wilt thou our lowly beds with tears of pity lave?'
and seek the danger i was forc’d to shun.
where your hair from your forehead swerves,
down the dark future, through long generations,
but she always ran away and left
with such vehement force and might
yet both in different colours hide their art,
his regal seat, surrounded by his friends.
thinks i, the down lies dreaming
vain cries--throughout the streets thousands pursued
and all their echoes, mourn;
and what then doth he gather? if we know,
through the salt sea foam,
does beauty slight you from her gay abodes?
yet was this period my time of joy:
from the fair brow; she, rising, only said,
still must mine, though bleeding, beat;
his silent sandals swept the mossy green;
nightly down the river going,
their first-born brother as a god.
but half the secret told,
and like the others does not slip
bedaubed with iridescent dirt.
in town, an' not the leanest runt
so thick, she cannot see her lover hiding,
and so i should be loved and mourned to-night.
and _channing_, with his bland, superior look,
the head that lay against your knees
is shorter than a snake's delay,
sooner, augustine, sooner far, shall i
in every health we drink.
the end of the play.
by death's frequented ways,
how your soft opera-music changed, and the drum and fife were heard in their stead;
rejection of his humanness
to sunset they would sip of the tea, drink of the beer, and eat of the
to his ears there came a murmur of far seas beneath the wind
the one good man in the world who knows me, --
faint voices lifted shrill with pain
an', fust you knowed on, back come charles the second;
in the wild glens rough shepherds will deplore
